<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Our Middle Class Dreams</title>
<meta name="author" content="Richard Fobes" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>Scene 1, Our Middle Class Dreams</h1>
<p class="para_standard"><b>Upfront</b>:&#160; <b>Talented voice actors eventually will transform this dialog into an audiobook.</b>&#160; In the meantime, during this crazy 2024 election year, this dialog is available here and now to help you make sense of U.S. politics and understand what it will take to uncrazify the political world.&#160; Everything you need to know for reading is in the dialog.&#160; Voice casting details are at the end of this book because the copyright notice includes permission for a non-profit organization to transform this dialog into an audiobook with zero royalties.</p> <p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K (Katerina)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100000 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[She is Damien's fianc&#233;.]</span>&#160; Damien!&#160; Are you thinking of jumping off?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D (Damien)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100001 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Always speaks with lazy pronunciation.]</span>&#160; With today's luck I'd land on somethin' soft.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100002 -->&#160;Like marshmallows in a truck bed?&#160; Or slop from a pig trough?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100003 -->&#160;Or my head.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100004 -->&#160;That would put a dent.&#160; In paying next month's rent.&#160; What's the matter?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100005 -->&#160;I'm feelin' sadder than a limpin' seagull.&#160; In winter.&#160; In Seattle.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100006 -->&#160;How'd you get there?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100007 -->&#160;Life's so unfair.&#160; My dream's been shattered.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100008 -->&#160;Which dream's been fractured?&#160; The picket fence around a front yard that's big enough for a Saint Bernard?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100009 -->&#160;That's your dream.&#160; Mine was to enter the middle class.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100010 -->&#160;Yeah.&#160; To gain that entrance you've been bustin' your ass.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100011 -->&#160;My butt's busted.&#160; What more does it take?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100012 -->&#160;Maybe a secret handshake?&#160; What's up?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100013 -->&#160;Today my boss popped my bubble.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100014 -->&#160;Is his business in trouble?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100015 -->&#160;Nah.&#160; But he told me some stuff.&#160; About some laws that're rough.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100016 -->&#160;The ones corporations can avoid?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100017 -->&#160;Yeah.&#160; It's got me annoyed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100018 -->&#160;Some corporations are sneakier than pickpockets and con artists.&#160; And kids giving away free kittens.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100019 -->&#160;Us taxpayers get pushed to the edge.&#160; Don't they see?&#160; We're lookin' down into a volcano of molten lava called bankruptcy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100020 -->&#160;You didn't tell me we're this close to the edge.&#160; How can this be?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100021 -->&#160;How is it we who vote aren't the ones keepin' afloat?&#160; We're supposed to have democracy!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100022 -->&#160;Yes we can vote.&#160; But most candidates are wimpy puppets.&#160; Or slimy con artists.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100023 -->&#160;Or third-party spoilers.&#160; I hate that sulfurous stink when I have'ta mark the lesser fink.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100024 -->&#160;Yeah.&#160; It's a big kink in democracy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100025 -->&#160;How come laws favor the wealthy?&#160; We make a big fuss.&#160; Yet the few rich outvote us.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100026 -->&#160;I wonder what happens to our votes.&#160; Are we just rabbits living near a den of coyotes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100027 -->&#160;I'm beginning to think the only prognosis is hopelessness.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100028 -->&#160;Maybe it's hypnosis.&#160; Or the political ads I suppose.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100029 -->&#160;We can see through those.&#160; Somethin's hidden.&#160; There's gotta be another villain.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100030 -->&#160;A conspiracy?&#160; A dark-money tyranny?&#160; Or a Bermuda pentagon with two sides missing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100031 -->&#160;I dunno.&#160; But as my dad would say, <i>Get to the root of the problem, that's where the solution lay.</i></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100032 -->&#160;My parents, they said with a smirk, <i>Suit up, show up, pay attention, and then pretend to work work work</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100033 -->&#160;Yeah I'm willin' to bust my ass.&#160; But I'll give it a pass if we're followin' the footsteps of Native Americans.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100034 -->&#160;On a warpath?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100035 -->&#160;Gettin' herded.&#160; Their shamans spoke <span class="explain">[speaking clearly]</span> <i>White chieftains are lyin' wolves who herd us like buffalo.&#160; From our grazing lands to dry deserts where foods don't grow.&#160; They feed their greed beyond their need.</i></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100036 -->&#160;We're bein' herded indeed.&#160; Something's not right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100037 -->&#160;Damn.&#160; I wanna know whose hand I should bite!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100038 -->&#160;Financially, our life's so far upside down from where I want it to be.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100039 -->&#160;I wanna be an employer.&#160; But I'm just an employee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100040 -->&#160;I wanna be a princess.&#160; But do you see a tiara on my empty head?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100041 -->&#160;When dinner's got veggies 'n meat, our car's gas gauge says stay off the street.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100042 -->&#160;My dental smile gives us cheer.&#160; But now when dining out we can't afford beer.&#160; Our finances are dreadful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100043 -->&#160;It's ....&#160; What's that word?&#160; Like evil.&#160; Like diablo.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100044 -->&#160;Diabolical?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100045 -->&#160;That's it!&#160; It's diabolical!&#160; It's a shakedown.&#160; The wealthy say that money trickles down.&#160; Maybe it does, temporarily.&#160; But not as fast as it drains from our wallet.&#160; Just for the bare necessities.&#160; They claim that workin' hard's a good bet.&#160; And yet, Las Vegas has better odds at roulette.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100046 -->&#160;Do you want a chocolate truffle?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100047 -->&#160;Somethin' brown to get me down?&#160; No thanks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100048 -->&#160;They're delicious.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100049 -->&#160;I'm suspicious.&#160; Somethin's goin' on behind our backs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100050 -->&#160;Yes, right in front of our eyes.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100051 -->&#160;Work 'n cash should come as a pair.&#160; But one without the other.&#160; That's not effin' fair!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100052 -->&#160;Yeah.&#160; We're indentured to jerks.&#160; And getting only table-scrap perks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100053 -->&#160;It ain't right.&#160; The boss I've got's almost a saint.&#160; Yet he says he's drownin' in taxes.&#160; 'N licenses.&#160; 'N insurance.&#160; 'N extra fees.&#160; Just keepin' track of these, plus postin' the Spanish translation of the pregnancy accommodation rules for dogs brought to work by employees, adds another employee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100054 -->&#160;That leaves less money for me.&#160; Your paycheck's like a balloon with a leak.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100055 -->&#160;Times are bleak.&#160; I know how to invent.&#160; But that don't pay the rent.&#160; Not yet.&#160; 'N it won't if I'm not able to own my own biz.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100056 -->&#160;I get a distressed feeling when I see you leaning over our balcony railing.&#160; I fret.&#160; 'Cause I've read that suicide is done by guys who can't yet find anyone else to blame.&#160; So who do you think's rigged the political game?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100057 -->&#160;I dunno.&#160; Politics's so complex.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100058 -->&#160;Yeah.&#160; Everything interconnects.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100059 -->&#160;Yet surely somewhere, maybe sittin' in a yoga pose on a high mountaintop.&#160; Or kneelin' at an altar in a Gothic cathedral.&#160; Or standin' behind a counter askin' <i>Do you want cheesy garlic bread with your pasta?</i>&#160; There's just gotta be a geek, or geekette, who knows the secret.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100060 -->&#160;Even Google couldn't find that tiny grain of truth in a pet shop's inventory of cat litter.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100061 -->&#160;'Specially 'cause most online search has kickback associations with big corporations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100062 -->&#160;Let's just say you found a guru who knew.&#160; What'd be your query?&#160; Specifically.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100063 -->&#160;How can we get better democracy?&#160; ...&#160; Wait.&#160; Not that.&#160; Ah yes.&#160; I'd ask <i>What's at the root of unfairness ... in politics 'n business?</i></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100064 -->&#160;Bright professors teach at our city's college.&#160; In political science they teach about the electrical, er, electoral college.&#160; And German dating.&#160; Er, gerrymandation.&#160; And such.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100065 -->&#160;Katerina.&#160; You know I'd rather walk into a rattlesnake cage than turn another textbook page.&#160; Those pages shake my eyes faster than the snake's tail.&#160; My brain throbs as weaselly words try to drag me through dates 'n definitions.&#160; 'N the names of Thomas Jefferson's pets.&#160; 'N tests, those effin' devils.&#160; They just rat out those of us who didn't read the textbook.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100066 -->&#160;Now that's a real conspiracy.&#160; Textbooks and tests are in bed together.&#160; Making baby test questions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100067 -->&#160;Just bein' inside a classroom feels like I've stepped into a boxin' ring.&#160; Without wearing boxing gloves.&#160; Instead holding pom poms.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100068 -->&#160;Ah yes.&#160; Community college classes already knocked you out for the count.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100069 -->&#160;Does it matter?&#160; History's just fat with notes from the past.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100070 -->&#160;Yup.&#160; Like an Elvis museum.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100071 -->&#160;One math teacher told me one day that a monkey ... with a bad r&#233;sum&#233; ... could have done better than me on his tests.&#160; 'N fractions.&#160; Those were created by the devil!&#160; When he was in a snit!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100072 -->&#160;I have to admit.&#160; Sometimes I slipped just a bit.&#160; In the academic jungle.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100073 -->&#160;Anyways, do political scientists really understand how come politics's so perverted?&#160; So inverted?&#160; Surely, if they saw clearly, then Congress would better the economy.&#160; 'N then we wouldn't be stuck in this financial muck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100074 -->&#160;I agree.&#160; Political scientists do seem unscientific.&#160; And times seem horrific.&#160; I suppose you're right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100075 -->&#160;Who should I fight?&#160; Where's that thing?&#160; The tiltin' place?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100076 -->&#160;The tipping point?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100077 -->&#160;Yeah.&#160; How can we, the majority, get to where we can outvote the endless dollars of one percenters?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100078 -->&#160;Father knows some jet setters.&#160; From a distance.&#160; I'll ask him for assistance.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100079 -->&#160;I know I'm not the sharpest banana in the fruit basket.&#160; But if there should be a really sharp banana.&#160; Someone maybe who can tell me, without pointing to a big book, why the world's so upside down, then I'll struggle to learn.&#160; And then I'll struggle to turn things right side up!&#160; So I can earn more dough.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100080 -->&#160;When you find out who's to blame, for corruption in the governmental game, what then?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100081 -->&#160;Then I'll shift from workin' hard for the masters we serve to earning the money we deserve.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100082 -->&#160;If you don't get out of your slump, are you gonna jump?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100083 -->&#160;I won't jump.&#160; I'm not a chump.&#160; It might take awhile.&#160; But I'll jump back on the crocodile.&#160; 'N keep on ridin'.&#160; 'Cause I'm dyin'.&#160; To know how come things are upside down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100084 -->&#160;As long as you're not dyin' on me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100085 -->&#160;Some people say this is just the way it'll always be.&#160; But it's not OK.&#160; It's not fair!&#160; Seats in Congress should go to the wise.&#160; Yet sitting there now are selfish liars.&#160; We wanna elect problem-solving leaders.&#160; But what do we get?&#160; Egotistic special-interest puppets.&#160; Whose masters treat us like light bulbs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100086 -->&#160;Yeah, screwed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100087 -->&#160;I wanna change the world 'n turn it right side up!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100088 -->&#160;The impossible.&#160; That's part of why I love you so.&#160; You want things to be fair.&#160; You really care!&#160; But you'll need lots and lots of luck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100089 -->&#160;Yet with it I hope to discover a way outta this muck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100090 -->&#160;Then finally we can reach prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100091 -->&#160;'N suffer less adversity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100092 -->&#160;I'll ask father for assistance.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0100093 -->&#160;'N I, the dunce, will use my soft brain.&#160; As a shovel to dig down deep into elephant 'n donkey shit!&#160; My sanity depends on it.</p>

</body>
</html>

