<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Behind The Political Curtain</title>
<meta name="author" content="Richard Fobes" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>Scene 3, Behind The Political Curtain</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D (Damien)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300000 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Speaks to himself.]</span>&#160; Hmm.&#160; That's an odd campaign slogan.&#160; ... <i>Let's put corruption behind us.</i>&#160; ... Ah, maybe this is him.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F (Congressman Fred Finckhster)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300001 -->&#160;Thank you for waiting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300002 -->&#160;Thank you for your time Congressman Finckhster.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300003 -->&#160;Come into this conference room.&#160; And pardon the mess.&#160; I keep hearing promises.&#160; That someone will clean this all up.&#160; Alas, it was hit by a fresh tomato.&#160; I mean tornado.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300004 -->&#160;I knew politics was messy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300005 -->&#160;While I'm looking for bugs, would you like some cold pizza?&#160; The sausage is pork.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300006 -->&#160;Not if that's where the bugs have been holding their rallies.&#160; And the cheese looks more counterfeit than a spray-on tan.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300007 -->&#160;Oh man, not those kinds of bugs.&#160; We politicians need to keep our secrets unknown.&#160; From political spies.&#160; In fact, turn off your phone, and I'll tell you no lies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300008 -->&#160;Deal!&#160; Powering down.&#160; No live feed.&#160; No recording.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300009 -->&#160;Jordan told me to trust you with behind-the-curtain and under-the-trap-door kinds of magic we use on the political stage.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300010 -->&#160;What a treat!&#160; A wise sage!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300011 -->&#160;Of course you realize we have to tell lies.&#160; To voters.&#160; If we told the dumb voters what we tell our rich donors, we would never win our prize, re-election.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300012 -->&#160;I suspect your donors don't forget your promises.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300013 -->&#160;Indeed they don't.&#160; They hire lobbyists to keep track of us.&#160; And they make such a fuss if we just vote for a bill that might drop their gross income by the price of one chocolate mousse.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300014 -->&#160;That is gross.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300015 -->&#160;Yet the biggest political trick isn't deceit.&#160; It's distraction.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300016 -->&#160;You've got my full attention.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300017 -->&#160;Name calling is part of the distraction.&#160; Some Democrats refer to some Republicans as greedy capitalists, one percenters, climate deniers, misogynists, racists, Nazis, dimwits, and liars.&#160; Some Republicans refer to some Democrats as socialists, communists, tree huggers, immigrants, abortionists, feminists, Nazis, dimwits, and liars.&#160; Those exaggerated right-and-left names entertainingly distract from the fact there's a bigger conflict.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300018 -->&#160;What's bigger than the fight between left and right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300019 -->&#160;Allow me to introduce you to a new way to view the political terrain.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300020 -->&#160;My brain is open wide and ready to be stupefied.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300021 -->&#160;The much bigger fight is between the political up and the political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300022 -->&#160;Political up?&#160; Political down?&#160; Where did left and right go to?&#160; What's up?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300023 -->&#160;The political up, that's where most voters are.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300024 -->&#160;Voters of which party?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300025 -->&#160;Both parties.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300026 -->&#160;How can that be?&#160; Both Republicans and Democrats are in the political up?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300027 -->&#160;Stop thinking of voters as Republicans and Democrats.&#160; It's us politicians, and the party insiders, who are Republicans and Democrats.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300028 -->&#160;So is this like Star <i>Wars</i> fans also can be Star <i>Trek</i> fans?&#160; And the opposite?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300029 -->&#160;Heck, if this is news to you, maybe you too have failed to recognize that both parties are controlled by people who utilize money.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300030 -->&#160;That part I knew.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300031 -->&#160;The biggest campaign contributors are in the political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300032 -->&#160;The biggest contributors?&#160; Should we be putting down fat people?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300033 -->&#160;Not that kind of biggest.&#160; They give the biggest amounts of money.&#160; They provide the money source that lifts us politicians high in the polls.&#160; They have bought our souls.&#160; Without their dough we get dashed against the rocks during a primary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300034 -->&#160;You're talking about rich folks, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300035 -->&#160;Of course they are all rich.&#160; But some of the rich are in the political up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300036 -->&#160;How can that be?&#160; I'm as confused as if I just stepped out from an industrial laundry washer during the high-spin cycle.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300037 -->&#160;Confused by the spin.&#160; That's the state most voters are in.&#160; That's the aim of the political down.&#160; So of course they resist adopting a name.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300038 -->&#160;But among themselves they call themselves the political down?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300039 -->&#160;No.&#160; That's just how I think of them.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300040 -->&#160;This upfront lowdown is blindingly illuminating.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300041 -->&#160;Of course lots of wealthy folks in the political down prefer our party, the Republican party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300042 -->&#160;Even I can see that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300043 -->&#160;Yet many people in the political down have infiltrated the Democratic party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300044 -->&#160;Voting in both parties?&#160; That's illegal.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300045 -->&#160;You're thinking of votes.&#160; I'm talking about money.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300046 -->&#160;Whoa!&#160; How come the political down gives money to both left and right parties?&#160; That's as stupid as placing bets on both horses in a two-horse race.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300047 -->&#160;Ah, here's a big secret.&#160; They assist horses, er, candidates, in their disliked party only during <i>primary</i> elections.&#160; Of course I'm dumbing things down.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300048 -->&#160;That fits my brain.&#160; Now I see!&#160; They use money to influence who wins each Democratic <i>primary</i>!&#160; But in the general election they just embrace the puppet candidate they like better?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300049 -->&#160;Isn't it brilliant?&#160; Yet seductive.&#160; Like the gleaming smile of a fetching lass in an auto ad.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300050 -->&#160;Now I'm beginning to see how come we, er, most voters, dislike both candidates, the Republican <i>and</i> the Democrat.&#160; I don't mean any disrespect.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300051 -->&#160;A lack of respect is what we politicians expect.&#160; We know we're stuck in the middle.&#160; Between voters and our biggest campaign contributors.&#160; Now do you see why voters are distracted by the entertaining conflict between left and right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300052 -->&#160;Instead of words I need a picture.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300053 -->&#160;It's sort of like when ancient Roman rulers distracted their plebeians with dramatic bloody fighting in their colossal Colosseum.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300054 -->&#160;So it's like funding two cults, or two gangs, that fight each other on stage?&#160; While the funders quietly remove money from our wallets while we're distracted?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300055 -->&#160;That's a bit rough.&#160; But close enough.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300056 -->&#160;The fighters who attacked Congress sure were duped by the fake fight between left and right.&#160; They believed their cult was defending democracy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300057 -->&#160;Indeed, their vision was out of focus.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300058 -->&#160;With their clout, what does the political down really care about?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300059 -->&#160;Profits for the businesses they own.&#160; What especially delights them are business tax breaks.&#160; And when they can get a legal monopoly they grasp onto that like a Titanic passenger would cling to a spare life vest.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300060 -->&#160;Wow!&#160; Those business owners pay politicians for lower taxes and no competition.&#160; That deal's sweet!&#160; But that's cheating.&#160; It's corrupt.&#160; Am I wrong?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300061 -->&#160;You're right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300062 -->&#160;I'm confused.&#160; On the political right, the Republican party seems to care about some non-business issues like abortions, and gay marriage, Christian values, immigration, and such, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300063 -->&#160;They do glorify those things on the flag they fly.&#160; But taxes, and subsidies, and monopolies are their real priorities.&#160; That's because party insiders, in both parties, get their marching orders from the biggest campaign contributors.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300064 -->&#160;Now I think I'm seeing how come neither political party really gives a damn about giving homeless folks an assist, ending school shootings, helping Latinos who don't vote.&#160; Or listening to what dolphins have to say about us dumping trash into their swimming pool.&#160; I see the down folks are using religious and racial and gender issues to divide and distract.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300065 -->&#160;And remember it's the biggest contributors.&#160; Some kinds of small businesses get overlooked.&#160; Unless they join with similar businesses and hire lobbyists to look out for their shared interests.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300066 -->&#160;Ah, you have to ignore any businesses that can't afford lobbyists.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300067 -->&#160;We know we can't please everyone.&#160; ...&#160; Here's another diversion tactic.&#160; Money from the right can fund extreme agendas on the left.&#160; Like when the LGB category got extended to include queers and transgenders.&#160; That scares lots of voters to the right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300068 -->&#160;Yeah, many voters blindly believe the enemy of their enemy is their friend.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300069 -->&#160;That's a powerful political tactic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300070 -->&#160;It's foolish.&#160; Because no one can keep <i>all</i> their enemies in the opposite team.&#160; Not with just two teams.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300071 -->&#160;Here's something else you should know.&#160; It's easy to hide the giving of funds to both sides, left and right.&#160; In fact there are two brothers in Florida in the sugar biz.&#160; One brother is a Republican who gives buckets of money to Republican politicians.&#160; The other brother is a Democrat who gives buckets of money to Democratic politicians.&#160; Isn't that sweet?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300072 -->&#160;And as hard to follow as a rat chased by a cat.&#160; So they don't give a damn about left or right?&#160; They just lobby for sugar ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300073 -->&#160;Subsidies.&#160; Especially tax money that pays for canals in Florida so farmers can grow sugarcane.&#160; They need that for the bigger financial gains that come from converting sugarcane into sugar.&#160; That's what's done by the businesses those bros own.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300074 -->&#160;That's a sour deal for us.&#160; How come this isn't more obvious?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300075 -->&#160;On commodity price lists, they used to list sugar and U.S. sugar by those names.&#160; But now the names are sugar number eleven and sugar number sixteen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300076 -->&#160;That's a slick trick.&#160; Um, there's something else that's a bit fuzzy.&#160; Don't some rich folks prefer the Democratic party?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300077 -->&#160;Lots of lawyers get lots of their business from Democratic voters, so they like Democratic politicians.&#160; And then there are industries that subdivide into left and right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300078 -->&#160;Huh?&#160; I thought I was following you down main street, but you just ducked into a dark alley.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300079 -->&#160;Banks prefer the Republican party.&#160; And credit unions prefer the Democratic party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300080 -->&#160;Wow!&#160; I think now I'm seeing who's in the political down.&#160; And how come they oppose us, the voters, their suckers, in the political up.&#160; But how do so very few rich folks outvote us, the non-rich, who outnumber them?&#160; Like ants outnumber humans doing cleanup at picnics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300081 -->&#160;There are lots of tricks to control politics.&#160; For example, do you know what delegates are?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300082 -->&#160;Sure, that's the laundry cycle women use to wash their underwear.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0300083 -->&#160;You're thinking of delicates with a <i>Cee</i>.&#160; This is delegates with a <i>Gee</i>.&#160; A delegate is someone you vote for and they vote for the actual candidate.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330000 -->&#160;Like the electoral college?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330001 -->&#160;Sort of like that.&#160; But here I'm talking about a primary election.&#160; The one before the nomination convention.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330002 -->&#160;The conventions I know about sell computer games, comic books, and whacky kitchen gadgets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330003 -->&#160;A political convention doesn't sell anything.&#160; At least not directly.&#160; During a <i>primary</i> election, when you vote for a governor, secretary of state, or president, you're actually voting for someone who has promised to vote for the candidate whose name you mark on your ballot.&#160; Those people, the ones who get enough votes, are delegates.&#160; They travel to a convention where they vote on your behalf.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330004 -->&#160;Why isn't my vote counted directly?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330005 -->&#160;Sometimes, none of the candidates gets a majority of votes.&#160; There has to be enough support to justify having just one nominee on the general election ballot.&#160; So at the convention the delegates do rounds of voting until one candidate gets a majority.&#160; That's half the votes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330006 -->&#160;So we're at a nomination convention, where one of the delegates is voting on my behalf.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330007 -->&#160;After each round of voting, if there's no majority, the candidate with the fewest delegate votes usually drops out.&#160; Traditionally that candidate tells their delegates who to vote for in the next round.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330008 -->&#160;Now I'm the one spinning round and round in the laundry machine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330009 -->&#160;It can get very messy.&#160; There used to be lots of backroom deals involved.&#160; Like promises of political appointments in return for a candidate telling their delegates to vote for the more popular candidate who has made that promise.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330010 -->&#160;Oh, I see.&#160; Lots of tricks go on to influence the delegates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330011 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; Sometimes literally.&#160; In fact sexual bribery was common before women got the right to vote.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330012 -->&#160;Whoa!&#160; Trading a vote for sex?&#160; That's a kind of bribery, ... I didn't know about.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330013 -->&#160;Surely you know, wealthy people pay lots of different kinds of helpers to influence everyone who's involved in politics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330014 -->&#160;I hadn't known about bribery using prostitutes.&#160; I suppose this category includes hiring social-media influencers, celebrities, and lobbyists?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330015 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; Here's another twist.&#160; At the Democratic national election, where a presidential candidate is chosen, there are super delegates who weren't elected by the voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330016 -->&#160;Wow, super extra layers of corrup..., of extra influence.&#160; Just to get this majority thingy.&#160; Why is that so damned important?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330017 -->&#160;There's something in politics called vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330018 -->&#160;What do spitting goats have to do with politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330019 -->&#160;Not goats.&#160; Votes.&#160; As in voting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330020 -->&#160;Vote spitting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330021 -->&#160;Not spitting, although spitting used to happen in Congress so often they had spittoons.&#160; It's splitting, vote splitting.&#160; It's the election version of divide and conquer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330022 -->&#160;Oh, vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330023 -->&#160;That's it!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330024 -->&#160;And divide and conquer.&#160; Isn't that the battle tactic armies use when they separate enemy soldiers from one another?&#160; And then they can attack the smaller groups when they are aloner?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330025 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; In fact, voting is rooted in war and fighting.&#160; That's why women weren't allowed to vote.&#160; They weren't counted because they don't fight.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330026 -->&#160;Those rule makers never met my uncle's ex-wife.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330027 -->&#160;So voting started out as counting to figure out how many men would be in each army.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330028 -->&#160;And two small armies would lose against one bigger army.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330029 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; If the big army can fight just one small army at a time.&#160; That's what dividing the enemy enables.&#160; That's why Lincoln said a house divided cannot stand.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330030 -->&#160;Oh, so long ago voting began as a way to count potential army sizes.&#160; And the smaller army surrenders?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330031 -->&#160;Saves a lot of dying, no?&#160; And when splitting can't be done physically, then splitting psychologically works too.&#160; In politics, that's what religious and racial and gender differences do.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330032 -->&#160;So how does this vote splitting work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330033 -->&#160;Well, it involves math.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330034 -->&#160;Oh dear, you mean, mathematics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330035 -->&#160;Certainly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330036 -->&#160;In my opinion math is the devil's favorite form of torture.&#160; If I had to choose between doing just one page of math homework, or standing under a tall fir tree getting cut down, I would be there yelling <i>timber!</i></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330037 -->&#160;I don't like it either.&#160; And I don't understand vote splitting well enough to clearly explain how it all works.&#160; I just know that it works.&#160; So those of us in Congress, when we cast our votes, are hobbled and handcuffed and gagged.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330038 -->&#160;And your noses must be stuffed up to not notice the stink.&#160; So now I think I understand distractions.&#160; Yet how can they so easily hide this vote splitting?</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330039 -->&#160;You've heard of the electoral college?&#160; And gerrymandering?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330040 -->&#160;I admit long ago I wondered if Jerry Mander was someone important.&#160; Now I realize those are about the attention-grabbing fight between Republicans and Democrats.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330041 -->&#160;That's why news reporters are not blocked from writing and speaking about the electoral college and gerrymandering.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330042 -->&#160;Which now I know helps distract from, and hide, the bigger fight between political up and political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330043 -->&#160;And you've heard of the money bonus that a third-party presidential candidate can get if they get more than a certain percent of the vote?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330044 -->&#160;Aha!&#160; That's a tactic to split votes away from ... well who?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330045 -->&#160;In the U.S., third parties are mostly on the left.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330046 -->&#160;Why is that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330047 -->&#160;The political right has more money.&#160; So the leader of a small conservative party gets a bribe to stand aside.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330048 -->&#160;Those leaders fall for that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330049 -->&#160;Wouldn't you if they offered you a political job with a good salary?&#160; Or a tricked-out RV?&#160; Or a vacation in Tahiti?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330050 -->&#160;I admit the tricked-out RV parked in Tahiti would do it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330051 -->&#160;Also the wealthy right quietly and indirectly donates money to boost third parties on the left.&#160; That splits votes away from the Democratic nominee.&#160; Which concentrates conservative voters' ballots on the single Republican nominee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330052 -->&#160;And now I see how come news media and those slippery political ads don't have as much influence as many folks suppose.&#160; The splitting of votes among candidates during <i>primaries</i>, that's their key to controlling you politicians.&#160; Like puppets.&#160; Er, well, like I'm not sure what.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330053 -->&#160;That's not what I like to hear.&#160; Yet between you and me, the political down is my puppet master, the puppeteer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330054 -->&#160;And yet we have social media.&#160; Aren't there some bright wits calling attention to these dirty politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330055 -->&#160;To deal with that the political down hires critics who write biased comments in forums.&#160; Like claiming evidence that a candidate keeps underage sex slaves in his basement.&#160; Or a fake photo of an elderly candidate falling asleep while walking down stairs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330056 -->&#160;Conspiracies!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330057 -->&#160;And they hire coders to make bots that upvote their propaganda, and downvote folks who try to reveal their secrets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330058 -->&#160;Can't voters see through that fake smoke and mirrors?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330059 -->&#160;The political down carefully tracks and targets voters who are gullible.&#160; Such as the ones who believe that eggs, colorful ones no less, come from rabbits.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330060 -->&#160;On Easter.&#160; Yes, I've never understood that either.&#160; Now I know how come some people online attack with such anger.&#160; Lots of them are getting paid to be a faker?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330061 -->&#160;Yup.&#160; Mister Mischievous from Michigan is getting paid to inspire Furious Fiona from Florida to re-post the clever meme he created that trashes Robert Reformer who supports removing assault weapons from the hands of bullied Billy Barbarian who spends his nights playing <i>Gun Survival Fantasy</i>.&#160; As you know, attack ads, the political kind, really work.&#160; Lots of voters get swayed by believing that expression <i>the enemy of my enemy is my friend</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330062 -->&#160;That's stupid.&#160; Don't they see that just means they are shooting at the same target?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330063 -->&#160;And getting hit by friendly fire!&#160; Yes that particular stupidity is especially easy to exploit.&#160; And more common than blues venues in Detroit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330064 -->&#160;I think I'm figuring this out.&#160; It's not what I expected.&#160; Yet it makes too much sense to be fictional.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330065 -->&#160;There's one bit of history I should teach you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330066 -->&#160;Oh I hate history.&#160; Cramming more facts about the Alamo and the Civil War into my head might crowd out what I've stuffed in here.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330067 -->&#160;This is simple.&#160; Back when primary elections were uncommon, vote splitting was obvious.&#160; There was just one election.&#160; The one we now call the general election.&#160; Sometimes a political party offered two or even three candidates.&#160; If the other big party offered just <i>one</i> candidate, that solo one won.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330068 -->&#160;Oh, because voters in the losing party would split their votes among their similar candidates.&#160; The divide and conquer tactic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330069 -->&#160;The winning strategy came to be for each party to have their own primary.&#160; The idea was to discover which politician deserves that party's solo spot on the general election ballot.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330070 -->&#160;Ah!&#160; Now the splitting is hidden in primaries.&#160; Where the winner is never from the wrong party.&#160; And the winner is always a puppet.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330071 -->&#160;Indeed!&#160; You learn fast!&#160; So here's a test.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330072 -->&#160;Oh dear lord!&#160; I hate tests!&#160; And this might be about history no less.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330073 -->&#160;Let go of that foolish fear.&#160; This answer should be clear.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330074 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Sighs.]</span> Okay.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330075 -->&#160;What helped Barack Obama win the two thousand eight Democratic primary election against Hillary Clinton?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330076 -->&#160;Based on what you've taught, some wealthy business owners may have thought, ... that well, ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330077 -->&#160;You're on the right track.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330078 -->&#160;... thought to give money to Obama to defeat their bigger enemy, Clinton.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330079 -->&#160;Correct so far.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330080 -->&#160;And they probably made the assumption that a black man couldn't win the general election.&#160; Is that right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330081 -->&#160;You did it!&#160; That's right!&#160; Although of course we cannot trace all donations.&#160; Yet when we can track it, that donation pattern often happens.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330082 -->&#160;The Republicans ... er, fans of Republican politicians, who gave contributions to Obama must have chuckled when they donated.&#160; Then raged for days when they got an African American president.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330083 -->&#160;And that gives you an example of a blocking tactic that wouldn't work if vote splitting were not such a useful gimmick for rigging elections.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330084 -->&#160;I heard what you said.&#160; But the words leaked out of my brain without leaving behind any idea about what they mean.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330085 -->&#160;If unfair vote splitting were to disappear, then that blocking kind of tactic wouldn't interfere.&#160; That's because in the general election, each party would offer <i>two</i> or <i>three</i> selections, candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330086 -->&#160;Now I'm confused again.&#160; How can there be two Republicans and two Democrats on the ballot?&#160; That would cause vote splitting.&#160; Some things are becoming clear.&#160; But what can make the evil split disappear?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330087 -->&#160;I really don't know, and don't care.&#160; The political stress was making a mess of my ulcers.&#160; Giving them their own ulcers.&#160; So I won't be running for re-election.&#160; That's why I can risk speaking candidly.&#160; But remember you didn't learn any of this from me.&#160; If you go to newspaper reporters with these insights I'll shine light on the skeletons in the closet of your friend Jordan.&#160; He asked me to help you on your mission to earn money using his tricks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330088 -->&#160;I won't be a snitch or fink.&#160; And anyways I can't yet link the problem of vote splitting to a solution.&#160; One that can defeat this unfairness.&#160; So I need to learn more.&#160; Do you know who would know how to fix this mess?&#160; The unfair politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330089 -->&#160;Probably that would be a professor of mathematics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330090 -->&#160;Aiee!&#160; Scholastic gymnastics!&#160; In math no less.&#160; That's too advanced.&#160; I'm almost peeing in my pants, it scares me so!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330091 -->&#160;Well I've got to go.&#160; I wish you luck in understanding yet more so maybe someday you can help clean up the muck on the political stage.&#160; In the meantime, the political world is upside down.&#160; Voters mistakenly assume the rich are at the top.&#160; Yes, politicians have all been bought.&#160; But as voters you've got more power than the Space X rockets, a swarm of locusts, and a flu virus, all working together on the same team.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330092 -->&#160;So you think maybe someday the voters will, uh, ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330093 -->&#160;... reign supreme?&#160; Eventually.&#160; Hopefully.&#160; Then us politicians will become <i>your</i> puppets.&#160; But currently we're the puppets of wealthy business owners.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330094 -->&#160;I admit I'm seeing a bit of hope for a fix.&#160; To get less dysfunctional politics.&#160; Now I know the greedy rich distract us with left versus right.&#160; Yet up versus down, that's the real fight.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330095 -->&#160;You've got it right.&#160; Good luck!&#160; But don't forget, it was some other schmuck who gave you the tour of the elephant and donkey muck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0330096 -->&#160;Thank you for tilting my brain to better see the political terrain.&#160; You've saved me from going insane.</p>

</body>
</html>

