<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Fight!</title>
<meta name="author" content="Richard Fobes" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>Scene 7, Fight!</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM (Jordan Morton)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700000 -->&#160;Father, I've given lots of money to your worthy church.&#160; I've asked you here because now I search for a way to buy the delay of death.&#160; Please give me a reprieve on my last breath.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W (Whit)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700001 -->&#160;Remember the spiritual world rests on top of the physical world that your body is a part of.&#160; It's like a pyramid.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700002 -->&#160;Too big to fit inside a museum?&#160; I'm not <i>that</i> fat!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700003 -->&#160;At the pyramid's top, the golden rule of doing good deeds spiritually must rest on a solid foundation of not doing bad deeds physically.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700004 -->&#160;No more <i>Go Fudge Yourself</i> ice cream?&#160; That's what you're saying?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700005 -->&#160;Bingo!&#160; I mean, that's a great start.&#160; Have you been praying?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700006 -->&#160;I've been trying.&#160; But this heart attack has me scared.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700007 -->&#160;To cast out fear, fill your heart with love.&#160; That's what your heart needs lots more of.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700008 -->&#160;I have no kids and no real friends.&#160; My money brings pleasures, but that's where it ends.&#160; Sadly, I've not got a loving wife in my life.&#160; Of course women say they want me.&#160; Yet actually they crave outings without me, including trips to the mall to buy cosmetics that signal <i>don't touch me</i>.&#160; Is there time to love?&#160; Can it really heal?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700009 -->&#160;To love, first you must let go of darkness.&#160; Start with understanding that money is not evil.&#160; It's greed that is evil.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700010 -->&#160;Is it greedy to want to have it all?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700011 -->&#160;We are human, so all of us want it all.&#160; But there's not enough time or energy to acquire it all.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700012 -->&#160;But there are shortcuts.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700013 -->&#160;Most shortcuts increase suffering for others.&#160; That blocks you from rising spiritually.&#160; And reaching the highest kinds of love.&#160; Far above criminals and lawyers, ... I mean sinners.&#160; That's why the Bible declares a camel can squeeze through the eye of a needle easier than a rich man can become a loving saint on earth.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700014 -->&#160;Thank God it's the camel, not me, who has to fit inside that slit.&#160; Now I admit my spiritual vision is hazy.&#160; Don't I need to engage in combat against the wicked evil hiding in other people?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700015 -->&#160;If you're thinking of wickedness in horror flicks, super-hero comic books, and murderous Voldemort, that's all fiction.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700016 -->&#160;What about the news?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700017 -->&#160;News sources sell your eyeballs and ears to advertisers.&#160; So they choose dramatic news and sound bites that excite your fears, your anger, your desires, and your laughter.&#160; Social media has the same priority.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700018 -->&#160;Ah yes.&#160; Assault weapons in the hands of blind pacifists would never qualify as newsworthy.&#160; Not even as a Facebook video.&#160; Yet vividly from childhood I remember hearing priests yelling in anger against the devil to stop tempting us mortal souls.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700019 -->&#160;Drama and fear attracts bigger congregations.&#160; And bigger donations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700020 -->&#160;What about the Holocaust?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700021 -->&#160;During a time of nationwide starvation, and massive economic suffering, plus mass stupidity, the Nazi government encouraged non-Jewish Germans to steal gold and cash and houses and businesses and dignity from Jews.&#160; Ironically Jews had became wealthy because early Christian leaders declared it was a sin for Christians to charge interest on loans.&#160; So those early Christians borrowed money from Jews living in ghettos.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700022 -->&#160;That religious clash about cash is mind-popping.&#160; Yet surely there's no excuse for the evil lurking in mass murderers and dictators.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700023 -->&#160;Alas, those murderers and dictators do cling to the disease of evil.&#160; Long after getting infected.&#160; Yet all of us, even them, began our time in the womb feeling unconditional joy.&#160; Fortunately, eventually, in a real democracy, the disease behind evil dies out.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700024 -->&#160;What other kind of democracy is there?&#160; Besides a real one?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700025 -->&#160;Citizens in Russia can vote.&#160; But popular alternate candidates are jailed or killed.&#160; And the results are rigged.&#160; That isn't a real democracy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700026 -->&#160;Is there an antidote to evil?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700027 -->&#160;Yes, talking.&#160; To people on the other side.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700028 -->&#160;Talking.&#160; I do lots of that, as part of business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700029 -->&#160;Do you ask questions with a desire to understand the other person's point of view?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700030 -->&#160;Why would I do that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700031 -->&#160;Consider what ended apartheid in South Africa.&#160; It was secret talks.&#160; One of them was between Nelson Mandela, and a clergyman, and the clergyman's twin brother who led a militant group that supported apartheid.&#160; Through talking, Mandela and the pro-apartheid leader discovered unexpected common ground.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700032 -->&#160;Does this work in relationships?&#160; I admit I could use some of those kinds of tips.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700033 -->&#160;Indeed.&#160; But don't expect talking will fully unveil the other person's fantasies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700034 -->&#160;I don't need to reveal my fantasies, do I?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700035 -->&#160;Not those kinds of fantasies.&#160; Talking reveals which fantasy the other person mistakes for reality.&#160; Like you believing evil is in most other people.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700036 -->&#160;Now my head is spinning.&#160; Without money as a compass I'm lost.&#160; And winning.&#160; That's the only goal I know.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700037 -->&#160;Ah, yes, winning.&#160; Parents and teachers use gold stars to entice kids to learn to write.&#160; Employers use employee-of-the-month perks to motivate employees to obey their alarm clocks.&#160; The movie industry and Broadway use award galas to promote high-priced entertainment.&#160; But with maturity we leave behind the gold stars, the shiny trophies, and even the dream of attracting a huge audience.&#160; The real prizes are the skills you've learned.&#160; With your skills you can win the grand prize.&#160; That's the smile you bring to someone's eyes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700038 -->&#160;How do I win the game of spirituality?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700039 -->&#160;Spirituality's trophy is joy.&#160; Unlike money and power, ripping joy from someone doesn't give you more of it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700040 -->&#160;How can I get more joy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700041 -->&#160;Now, the present moment, is where joy hides.&#160; Let go of having been mocked for wearing wool socks with sandals.&#160; In public.&#160; Let go of plans to use a time machine to triumph over people who have forgotten your name.&#160; Let go of the past and the future.&#160; That makes room for joy when it enters your life.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H (Hawken)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700042 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Knock on door, door opens.]</span> ...&#160; Hello my friend!&#160; To help you mend I brought you some beautiful flowers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700043 -->&#160;Ah, Mister Hawken, indeed welcome.&#160; Visiting hours can be lonely.&#160; And thank you for spending the, er, for thinking to bring flowers.&#160; ...&#160; They are beautiful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700044 -->&#160;I see you have recruited a minister to be more sure of your cure.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700045 -->&#160;Allow me to introduce father, er, actually I now realize I don't remember your name.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700046 -->&#160;You can call me ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700047 -->&#160;Everyone calls him father.&#160; It's okay if he calls you father?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700048 -->&#160;Of course.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700049 -->&#160;Hello father.&#160; And Jordan, I look forward to your recovery so we can resume our latest project.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700050 -->&#160;Let's not talk shop just right now.&#160; I need to focus on how to breathe in the joy of still being alive.&#160; Stressful things can come later, if I survive.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700051 -->&#160;What other protective perspectives can I offer?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700052 -->&#160;How can God be everywhere?&#160; How can I be sure that God even cares about me?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700053 -->&#160;You can hear God laughing whenever you make plans.&#160; Also consider thinking of God as being like the principles of mathematics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700054 -->&#160;Elusive?&#160; How is that helpful?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700055 -->&#160;If you live your life as if two plus two equals thirteen then life becomes hell.&#160; But if instead you live your life as if two plus two equals four, you'll live in harmony with others who share that same perspective.&#160; That's how God is everywhere.&#160; Just as the principles of mathematics are everywhere.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700056 -->&#160;I like that outlook.&#160; Why have I not heard you say it from your perch, your pulpit in church?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700057 -->&#160;There are some things we can't preach.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700058 -->&#160;What else can you not say in church?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700059 -->&#160;We can't speak out against warfare.&#160; Not even to say it's worse than abortion.&#160; That would impair our tax-exempt status.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700060 -->&#160;That's right!&#160; Churches don't pay property taxes.&#160; Maybe I should form a church to get that sweet deal.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K (Katerina)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700061 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Door opens and closes.]</span> ...&#160; Father!&#160; I couldn't wait any longer in the waiting area.&#160; There's an awful nasty woman who was harassing me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700062 -->&#160;Jordan, and father, allow me to introduce my daughter, Katerina.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700063 -->&#160;Pleased to meet you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700064 -->&#160;It's a pleasure to have your company.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700065 -->&#160;It's a pleasure to meet you both.&#160; I'm sorry to interrupt.&#160; Please resume whatever you were talking about.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700066 -->&#160;Father, may I ask a question?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700067 -->&#160;If Jordan doesn't mind.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700068 -->&#160;Go ahead.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700069 -->&#160;My wife tells me my boasting would make a peacock blush.&#160; She says I should be more humble like Jesus, who was just a lowly carpenter.&#160; What can I say to her to make her understand that pride naturally follows from doing great things?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700070 -->&#160;To set the record straight, Jesus probably was not just a lowly carpenter.&#160; He grew up in Nazareth.&#160; Trees do not grow there.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700071 -->&#160;Jesus Christ!&#160; In church you refer to him as a carpenter.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700072 -->&#160;Here in the U.S., Christians read the bible in English.&#160; The original word in ancient Greek is ambiguous.&#160; Besides carpenter it could have referred to a stone mason, ship builder, or blacksmith.&#160; Back then, those were high tech vocations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700073 -->&#160;Considering geography, portability, and intelligence, a stone mason makes more sense.&#160; About the boasting, I admit sometimes I do it.&#160; So what's your wisdom on self-promoting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700074 -->&#160;Boasting reveals a big ego, which conceals low self esteem.&#160; It's a displayed kind of pride.&#160; True self love is built from inside.&#160; And it's foundational because you can't love others more than you love yourself.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700075 -->&#160;I disagree!&#160; I don't have low self-esteem!&#160; I'm proud of what I accomplish.&#160; The money I earn should make it clear I'm loved for what I do.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700076 -->&#160;Here's a related perspective.&#160; Does your wife boast?&#160; Typically a criticism reveals more about the accuser than the accusee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700077 -->&#160;Mom does brag she has an entire closet just for her shoes.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700078 -->&#160;She spends way too much of my hard-earned money buying more and more gawd-da....&#160; er, ...&#160; overpriced foolish footwear!&#160; She thinks the money I earn grows on trees!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700079 -->&#160;This is interesting.&#160; She criticizes you for something she does.&#160; And you're criticizing her for thinking money grows on trees.&#160; So, according to what father just said, you think that money grows on trees.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700080 -->&#160;I work hard to discover which trees have fruit waiting to be harvested.&#160; And I do the hard work of doing that harvesting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700081 -->&#160;Do you pick as much as you can?&#160; Or do you leave some fruit for the next hungry child, woman, or man who comes along?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700082 -->&#160;My family needs as much as I can harvest.&#160; Other people are too greedy.&#160; So I have to work hard to earn my family's share.&#160; I'm not one of those lazy job-stealing immigrants.&#160; Or a socialistic dropout waiting for a handout.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De (Desha)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700083 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Door opens and closes.]</span> ...&#160; Father what did you mean by texting the words <i>Causing trouble again?</i></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700084 -->&#160;Oh my God!&#160; She's the one!&#160; She's the nasty, perverse, foul-mouthed bitch who yelled at me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700085 -->&#160;Did you curse?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700086 -->&#160;Quite the reverse.&#160; She threw some trash toward the trash can and it missed, but she didn't pick it up.&#160; I spoke up, then she cursed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700087 -->&#160;As I told you then, this hospital has janitors whose job it is to pick up pieces of trash.&#160; Speaking of which, maybe I should have tossed you in with the other trash.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700088 -->&#160;May I request that you give less stress to Jordan while he gets rest after his heart attack?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700089 -->&#160;I apologize for the stress.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700090 -->&#160;Of course I apologize.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700091 -->&#160;I have to admit this is better than Netflix or TV.&#160; So it's not bothering me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700092 -->&#160;In that case I'll say you're a witch for attacking me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700093 -->&#160;I was attacking stupidity.&#160; Since you're pleading guilty it's a case of double stupidity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700094 -->&#160;Even if Jordan doesn't mind, let's have serenity and sanity shall we?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700095 -->&#160;I'll text Damien.&#160; He can take me home so I won't trouble you further father, or you father, or you Jordon.&#160; <span class="explain">[Click of keys as Katerina types text message.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700096 -->&#160;Do you remember Jordan?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700097 -->&#160;Yes, I think I do.&#160; Although it's been a long time.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700098 -->&#160;Indeed.&#160; What have you been up to?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700099 -->&#160;I've been working for politicians, and environmental organizations, and fighting against nasty real estate developers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700100 -->&#160;I'll bet you're one of those awful protesters who are protesting against my latest development project.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700101 -->&#160;So you're the ...&#160; grrr, ...&#160; developer behind the deaths of so many wild animals.&#160; And the cutting of beautiful trees on that Smoldering Ashes property.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700102 -->&#160;It's called Slumbering Maples.&#160; Yes, I'm proud to say that's me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700103 -->&#160;If ever there was a time I'd like to swear about slime this is it!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700104 -->&#160;I dare you to swear you name-calling wicked vixenous hussy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700105 -->&#160;Changing the subject, do any of you have any questions for me?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700106 -->&#160;I have a question.&#160; Why do religious organizations get tax exemptions?&#160; Especially since religion seems so, ...&#160; well, ...&#160; antiquated.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700107 -->&#160;I believe you have some thoughts on this.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700108 -->&#160;Since before the Roman empire, people who were not rich enough to hire musicians gathered in churches to hear beautiful music.&#160; Now, anyone with a bulge in their pocket can listen to any song at any moment.&#160; So churches lost that advantage.&#160; First to phonographs, then to radios, and now smartphones.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700109 -->&#160;Alas, competing sources of beautiful music, and visual pageantry, partly accounts for our congregations being small.&#160; Fortunately people who love to sing together still gather in our worship hall.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700110 -->&#160;And long ago marriage in a church was a way for a young woman to trade sex in exchange for getting her husband to attend church so he would hear weekly sermons about not getting drunk or brutish.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700111 -->&#160;I must admit my wife has wanted me to attend church with her.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700112 -->&#160;Now governments perform marriage as a civil ceremony.&#160; And they back up the man's promise with child support and alimony payments if necessary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700113 -->&#160;Yes, marriage ceremonies.&#160; That was a big monopoly churches had, then lost.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700114 -->&#160;And churches used to feed the hungry.&#160; Now grocery stores get paid by taxpayers to do it.&#160; So that's one more advantage lost?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700115 -->&#160;Sadly, for reasons of attendance, yes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700116 -->&#160;Damn handouts!&#160; At my expense no less.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700117 -->&#160;Originally schools and universities and hospitals were founded by churches and mosques.&#160; Now, governments fund those too.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700118 -->&#160;So government is taking over increasing morality and civility?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700119 -->&#160;Only some of it!&#160; What goes on in Washington DC is very far from spiritual maturity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700120 -->&#160;A few badly behaving priests in the Catholic Church, plus most members of Congress, need to learn from your wisdom.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700121 -->&#160;Amen!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700122 -->&#160;Recently I learned about a way crime can be reduced without involvement from churches or government.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700123 -->&#160;Good golly bonnie lass!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700124 -->&#160;Movies and video games can get another rating.&#160; The added rating would indicate how many years a person would spend in prison if they did everything shown on the screen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700125 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Laughs.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700126 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Laughs.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700127 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Laughs.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700128 -->&#160;Harrumph!&#160; That won't work.&#160; What we need instead is law and order!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700129 -->&#160;Yes we need law and order.&#160; But not the kind based on the TV shows with that name.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700130 -->&#160;Those are based on real police cases.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700131 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; But races are changed to protect white supremacy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700132 -->&#160;Crimes are not about race.&#160; They are about poor people robbing from the rich.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700133 -->&#160;The dramatic second half of each law-and-order TV show portrays a district attorney defending the guilty criminal.&#160; Now in real life a suspect who can't afford a slick lawyer is presumed to be guilty just because they are defended by a district attorney.&#160; Conveniently for racists, minorities are poor.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700134 -->&#160;Father, you still haven't answered my question.&#160; Why do churches not pay property taxes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700135 -->&#160;Long ago kings rewarded churches with no taxes because churches increased economic prosperity in the king's domain.&#160; In the ways we just talked about.&#160; Still today, with meager funds, priests and churches, plus volunteers, provide essential services that taxpayers refuse to pay for.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700136 -->&#160;I wish my business was rewarded with low taxes to thank me for the benefits I bring to this city.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D (Damien)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700137 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Door opens and closes.]</span> <span class="explain">[He now uses better, but not perfect, pronunciation.]</span> Hello!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700138 -->&#160;Sweetheart, I need you to give me a ride home because this nasty woman is being obnoxious to me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700139 -->&#160;Hi Desha.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700140 -->&#160;This is the Desha you've been telling me about?&#160; The one you said was like a kid sister?&#160; This bitch is looking at you with love in her eyes.&#160; She's a foul-mouthed spoiled whore, not a sister!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700141 -->&#160;Don't be ridiculous.&#160; She's got a boyfriend.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700142 -->&#160;I do not.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700143 -->&#160;Then who's the guy named Willie?&#160; The guy you said you're with.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700144 -->&#160;Willie is short for Wilhelmina.&#160; That's an awful name to get stuck with.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700145 -->&#160;You said he, er, she, is your partner.&#160; So are you, well, lesbians?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700146 -->&#160;We're both bisexual.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700147 -->&#160;Much much better than Netflix.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700148 -->&#160;You keep your claws off of him!&#160; Damien, you are never to see her again!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700149 -->&#160;Well, ah, I can't promise anything.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700150 -->&#160;You're engaged to my daughter so I too forbid you to ever see this awful woman again.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700151 -->&#160;She's helping me figure out how I can earn more money to make your daughter happy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700152 -->&#160;I thought you were trying to figure out how to reduce corruption in the political world.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0700153 -->&#160;They are both the same thing to me.&#160; I figured out what's causing endless waves of corruption.&#160; Now I'm trying to figure out how to surf those waves, so I can start my own business.&#160; I'll be the employer, not the employee.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750000 -->&#160;You've told me some of what you've learned, but you haven't yet said who's to blame for corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750001 -->&#160;I'm the one to blame.&#160; It's not politicians, not the big campaign contributors, not the lobbyists and other folks who are hired to do political tasks.&#160; What I thought might be conspiracy turns out to be bad feedback loops in which each person independently pursues their own self-interest.&#160; The biggest baddest feedback loop is in elections where I'm the weak link.&#160; I'm the one to blame.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750002 -->&#160;How can you be the one to blame?&#160; You haven't done anything.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750003 -->&#160;Exactly.&#160; I failed.&#160; I failed to subtract forty from one hundred and realize the result, sixty, is more than fifty.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750004 -->&#160;You said math was made by the devil.&#160; When he was in a snit.&#160; And now you're talking math?&#160; This doesn't fit.&#160; Not one bit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750005 -->&#160;My fear of math was blocking me.&#160; Now I know that a candidate who gets forty percent support is opposed by sixty percent of voters.&#160; That means the majority of voters oppose a candidate who has less than fifty percent support.&#160; To get fair election results we need ranked choice ballots and pairwise counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750006 -->&#160;What does counting smart rabbits have to do with voting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750007 -->&#160;Father it's not <i>wise hare</i> counting.&#160; It's pairwise counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750008 -->&#160;Without pairwise counting and ranked choice ballots, corruption in Congress will continue.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750009 -->&#160;When a news report says one candidate leads another by say five percent, that's meaningless, unless there are just two candidates on the ballot.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750010 -->&#160;Hello Damien.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750011 -->&#160;Oh hi Jordan.&#160; I didn't recognize you with the tubing mustache.&#160; Is this a good time to thank you for helping me figure out how the world of business works?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750012 -->&#160;I was happy to help.&#160; Hawken said you deserved some help.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750013 -->&#160;What did you say to this ungrateful young man?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750014 -->&#160;As you requested I told him how the world of business works.&#160; He had some questions about money in politics that I couldn't answer so I referred him to a politician I know.&#160; How did that go?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750015 -->&#160;He taught me a lot.&#160; Then later, he suggested that Desha and I meet and collaborate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750016 -->&#160;What was his great wisdom?&#160; In a nutshell.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750017 -->&#160;He explained that vote splitting is why money has more influence than votes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750018 -->&#160;Goats do not spit.&#160; You fool.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750019 -->&#160;Father, it's not goat spitting, it's vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750020 -->&#160;Whatever!&#160; Votes are counted in ways that are fair.&#160; So that's got not a thing to do with money in politics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750021 -->&#160;I used to think that too.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750022 -->&#160;When you donate money to political candidates, sometimes you give to Democrats.&#160; Am I right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750023 -->&#160;Never!&#160; I always vote Republican.&#160; And I never give money to Democrats.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750024 -->&#160;But mother is a Democrat.&#160; And sometimes you give her money to donate to a Democratic candidate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750025 -->&#160;That's only when my political consultant tells me to.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750026 -->&#160;So when Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750027 -->&#160;Those are vile names to me and my friends.&#160; Isn't that right Jordan?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750028 -->&#160;Let him continue.&#160; This is interesting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750029 -->&#160;Some political strategists recommended that Republicans give money to Obama during the Democratic primary with the idea that a black man could not possibly win the general election.&#160; With that strategy they figured a Republican would win easily.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750030 -->&#160;You can't prove any of this.&#160; And without proof there's no crime.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750031 -->&#160;The fight between political left and right is an entertaining distraction from the real, bigger fight between political up and political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750032 -->&#160;You're talking more nonsense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750033 -->&#160;Who is the political up?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750034 -->&#160;Most of us voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750035 -->&#160;And who is the political down?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750036 -->&#160;The people who give the biggest amounts of money to politicians.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750037 -->&#160;That includes you sir, and especially you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750038 -->&#160;Oh dear lord, my own daughter is undermining my church.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750039 -->&#160;She's your daughter?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750040 -->&#160;Amen.&#160; I mean, indeed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750041 -->&#160;Why do you think I call him father?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750042 -->&#160;We're all calling him father.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750043 -->&#160;This explains why I don't hear her use profanity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750044 -->&#160;Father is very strict about that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750045 -->&#160;Since I'm not in your church, what should I call you?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750046 -->&#160;You can call me Whit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750047 -->&#160;What?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750048 -->&#160;Whit.&#160; It's short for Whittier.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750049 -->&#160;Who are you wittier than?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750050 -->&#160;It's spelled W H I T.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750051 -->&#160;So in grade school they called you dimwit?&#160; And half-wit?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750052 -->&#160;At that age those nicknames helped me learn to identify immaturity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750053 -->&#160;Damien, you were saying something about political up and political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750054 -->&#160;Vote splitting is the reason money so easily influences politics.&#160; In the early days of the U.S. there were no primary elections.&#160; Slowly voters and parties learned that whichever party had just one candidate would easily win over parties that had two or more candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750055 -->&#160;So primary elections were added to ensure each party offered just one candidate in what we now call general elections.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750056 -->&#160;And the point is?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750057 -->&#160;If we used ranked choice ballots and pairwise vote counting, then Democrats could have offered both Obama and Clinton as candidates in the two thousand eight presidential race.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750058 -->&#160;Oh, so the tactic of using Obama to block Clinton wouldn't have been an option.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750059 -->&#160;And wealthy folks like yourselves would not have been able to stop Clinton from reaching the general election.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750060 -->&#160;This is all nonsense!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750061 -->&#160;It's making sense to me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750062 -->&#160;Who's side are you on?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750063 -->&#160;I am now on the side of God.&#160; My heart attack has woken me up to what's really important in life.&#160; And at the moment I want the truth to come out.&#160; If there are hidden parts of politics that get revealed here we can judge it at that time.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750064 -->&#160;I suppose you're going to claim that Donald Trump won in twenty sixteen because of money.&#160; Well he didn't.&#160; I didn't give him even a dollar.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750065 -->&#160;But you do give to the Republican party, and they paid to promote Trump after he won the primary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750066 -->&#160;If the twenty sixteen Republican <i>primary</i> election had used ranked choice ballots and pairwise counting, the winner would have been the most popular candidate.&#160; And that was not Donald Trump.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750067 -->&#160;There were sixteen other candidates in that race.&#160; That split the votes of the majority of Republicans.&#160; They wanted someone other than Trump.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750068 -->&#160;All Trump and his promoters, including Russian hackers, needed was to win more votes than any one of the other sixteen candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750069 -->&#160;None of whom were very popular.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750070 -->&#160;Until the other candidates dropped out, Trump was getting less than half the votes.&#160; And that's just Republicans.&#160; He would have lost under a fairer election.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750071 -->&#160;Who would have won?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750072 -->&#160;We don't know because even opinion polls don't ask voters for more than their favorite.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750073 -->&#160;But Trump won the general election.&#160; That proves he was more popular than Hillary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750074 -->&#160;With ranked choice ballots and pairwise counting there would have been a second Republican and a second Democrat to win against.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750075 -->&#160;Plus Bernie Sanders running as an independent.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750076 -->&#160;Trump could not have won such a five-way race.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750077 -->&#160;So you're saying that if we used ranked choice ballots and pairwise counting, then voters would have more choices on the ballot?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750078 -->&#160;Even better than more choices, the choices would include wise problem-solving leaders.&#160; Now the only choices are special-interest puppets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750079 -->&#160;Under current conditions, wise and ethical leaders don't enter elections because they know they won't get support from party insiders, who have to cater to people like you, with lots of money.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750080 -->&#160;These so-called wise leaders, would they be liberal or conservative?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750081 -->&#160;Neither.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750082 -->&#160;They would represent the political up, and would oppose the political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750083 -->&#160;So they are anti-business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750084 -->&#160;They would favor fairness and economic efficiency, er, efficiency in the economy.&#160; That would bring prosperity much greater than what we have today.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750085 -->&#160;Prosperity to who?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750086 -->&#160;Widespread prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750087 -->&#160;That's impossible!&#160; In order to have winners there must be losers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750088 -->&#160;That's what I used to think. But fighting wastes precious resources.&#160; What yields better results for the most people is cooperation, teamwork, and working together against a foe.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750089 -->&#160;I like this shift.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750090 -->&#160;Did you just curse?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750091 -->&#160;Not everyone can afford to fly to London and Paris. I agree with father that for there to be winners there have to be losers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750092 -->&#160;You want to fly to London and Paris?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750093 -->&#160;I've told you I enjoy traveling.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750094 -->&#160;I thought you meant mostly by car.&#160; And only going to Europe when we can afford it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750095 -->&#160;Back to the idea of no losers.&#160; Surely some folks would lose out economically if elections were more fair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750096 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; There are some businesses that exploit <i>unfairness</i>.&#160; They would have less profit because of higher taxes.&#160; And because of fewer monopolies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750097 -->&#160;Such as?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750098 -->&#160;You taught me about commodities and about the two kinds of sugar there.&#160; I forgot the numbers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750099 -->&#160;Sugar number eleven and sugar number sixteen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750100 -->&#160;The people in Florida who exploit that legal monopoly would lose income.&#160; But all of us in the U.S. would pay less for sugar and sugarized products.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750101 -->&#160;Hmm, you're right.&#160; I knew I was subsidizing some business owners in Florida.&#160; But I wasn't bothered.&#160; That extra cost for sugar is tiny.&#160; Even for me, who isn't.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750102 -->&#160;Each price squeeze, considered one at a time, isn't a big deal.&#160; But those price hikes surround us.&#160; That's a big steal from those of us who can barely afford rent and food and utilities.&#160; And then businesses wonder why we aren't buying more of what they sell.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750103 -->&#160;In addition to ending outright corruption, there would be tax breaks for some kinds of businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750104 -->&#160;Which businesses?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750105 -->&#160;Businesses that bring money into the region from customers outside the region.&#160; Of course that includes manufacturing businesses.&#160; Also it can be businesses that involve software, artists, and entertainment.&#160; Plus non-chain restaurants.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750106 -->&#160;Tax breaks already go to businesses like that.&#160; You mean Disney, Apple, Boeing, Hollywood movie studios, and such, right?&#160; Why should they get more?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750107 -->&#160;This new tax break will be for similar businesses that are small.&#160; They are too small, and not prosperous enough, to hire lobbyists.&#160; Yet there are thousands of them in our city.&#160; Collectively they greatly enrich our local economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750108 -->&#160;You said non-chain restaurants.&#160; Why not chain restaurants?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750109 -->&#160;Chain businesses send lots of their profits to corporate headquarters.&#160; That drains money from the local economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750110 -->&#160;And nobody chooses a city as their travel destination because they look forward to dining out at a Burger King franchise location.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750111 -->&#160;I often sell condos and homes to people from elsewhere.&#160; That brings lots of wealth into our local economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750112 -->&#160;That brings money to you.&#160; But it reduces the land available for homes that are more affordable, which is what we need more of.&#160; And probably you send that money back out of state.&#160; Instead of sharing more of it with the workers who build your buildings.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750113 -->&#160;Pushing up the cost of housing pushes more and more people into homelessness.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750114 -->&#160;Oh, I think I'm beginning to see.&#160; We could reduce taxes on business activities that enrich the local economy.&#160; Without giving yet more tax breaks to businesses that do activities that drain the local economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750115 -->&#160;Exactly!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750116 -->&#160;So it taxes the sinners and helps the saints?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750117 -->&#160;That's a useful way to view it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750118 -->&#160;I like it!&#160; Even though it might offend many of the folks who need religion the most.&#160; Like lawyers, bankers, and CFOs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750119 -->&#160;Aliens?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750120 -->&#160;Not UFOs.&#160; CFOs.&#160; Chief financial officers.&#160; Father takes seriously the saying <i>know thine enemy</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750121 -->&#160;Our church welcomes everyone.&#160; Well, maybe not aliens.&#160; The space kind.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750122 -->&#160;The aliens crossing from Mexico certainly don't deserve to be welcomed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750123 -->&#160;I suppose you would have blocked Nikola Tesla?&#160; And recently I learned that big high-tech companies in the eastern United States missed out on what developed in Silicon Valley partly because of racial prejudice against immigrants from India.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750124 -->&#160;Getting back to the different tax rates, they are like the difference between a r&#233;sum&#233; and a eulogy.&#160; A r&#233;sum&#233; values money.&#160; A eulogy values benefiting others.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750125 -->&#160;Interesting distinction!&#160; What I've accomplished would look fabulous on a r&#233;sum&#233;.&#160; But now it's time to consider what might be said in my eulogy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750126 -->&#160;I don't see the difference.&#160; But then religion isn't my thing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750127 -->&#160;Clearly money is your thing.&#160; Yet your <i>taker</i> business will earn more money when there are more <i>maker</i> businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750128 -->&#160;A taker business is the sinning kind, and a maker business is the saintly kind.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750129 -->&#160;My business makes buildings.&#160; Clearly it deserves that maker tax break.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750130 -->&#160;Your business pays architects and contractors to actually do the making.&#160; Those businesses are the maker businesses.&#160; Your business is just a taker business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750131 -->&#160;I disagree.&#160; Anyway, why would my business benefit from more maker businesses?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750132 -->&#160;Maker businesses not only bring money into a city or state.&#160; Also they pass lots of that outside money to their employees.&#160; Those employees are customers of other local businesses.&#160; Some of that wealth quickly reaches your customers.&#160; The ones who buy or rent from your business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750133 -->&#160;Imagine an economic apocalypse.&#160; If there were no maker businesses in our state, no money would enter our state.&#160; Then our state's economy would collapse.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750134 -->&#160;Ah, I see. It's like trickle down economics.&#160; But instead of telling folks our money will trickle down to them, the money flowing into maker businesses really does trickle down to local business owners and their employees.&#160; I had failed to see that <i>small</i> maker businesses also should be getting tax breaks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750135 -->&#160;So they are like the bottom level of a pyramid?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750136 -->&#160;Pointless?&#160; My time is valuable so please get to the point.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750137 -->&#160;It sounds to me like maker businesses, of all sizes, are the foundation of the local economy.&#160; All other businesses are supported by their success?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750138 -->&#160;That's a good metaphor.&#160; Right now the pyramid is upside down.&#160; Most taker businesses, big and small, get low tax burdens.&#160; That crushes the small maker businesses.&#160; They crumble under the burden of the highest tax rates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750139 -->&#160;Yeah, the same tax rates as law firms, insurance agencies, and franchise places.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750140 -->&#160;Some bad symptoms of that burden include unemployment, homelessness, drug abuse, and crime.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750141 -->&#160;Also anger, despair, hopelessness, and higher interest rates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750142 -->&#160;So if you don't want a low-wage employee in a tiny studio apartment to get forced into homelessness, then into drugs, then into crime, then into despair, now is the time to prevent it.&#160; By caring about not just <i>big</i> maker businesses.&#160; <i>Small</i> maker businesses, all together, attract huge amounts of money into the local economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750143 -->&#160;Another benefit of taxing takers more than makers is that very smart well-educated people would be less attracted to higher paid, but soul-sucking, jobs in banks.&#160; And law firms.&#160; And in real estate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750144 -->&#160;Instead they would work where they benefit customers, and clients, and the overall economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750145 -->&#160;Well said!&#160; And to the teaching profession, which could use the very best role models for students.&#160; That's what Willie does. She's a teacher.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750146 -->&#160;So who's going to believe this nonsense that different ballots and different ways of counting votes is really going to make things better?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750147 -->&#160;This situation is like when women demanded the right to vote.&#160; A few places, like Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, tried it.&#160; Then a few western states tried it.&#160; The predicted disasters didn't follow, so it was adopted throughout the United States.&#160; And don't you think it's made things better?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750148 -->&#160;Sometimes I wonder.&#160; We don't seem to be doing that well now that women have taken over.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750149 -->&#160;Without Rosie the riveters working in factories during the war years U.S. soldiers and England might have lost.&#160; And a woman in the White House couldn't possibly disgrace the place worse than the males who have infested it with dog bites, cat fights, mistresses, drugs, military ineptitude, and insurrection.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750150 -->&#160;Getting back to makers and takers.&#160; Jordan do you see that tax breaks for small maker businesses will increase sales at taker businesses?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750151 -->&#160;I admit I do.&#160; I hadn't noticed this distinction.&#160; I can see those small maker businesses, including restaurants that attract tourists, don't have time to lobby for these tax breaks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750152 -->&#160;Tell him about the wage-gap tax break.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750153 -->&#160;Another kind of tax break will reward a business that pays their workers better.&#160; The ones who get lower wages.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750154 -->&#160;That gap gets smaller by increasing the wages of employees at the bottom of the business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750155 -->&#160;You want me to tighten my belt, not just on me, but on my business.&#160; Yeah I've gotten to be too fat.&#160; That's why I'm here.&#160; Maybe my business also would be healthier if I shared some of my income with all my employees.&#160; Not just the ones in management.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750156 -->&#160;And pardon my boldness but maybe that will make it easier to hire and retain the best employees.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750157 -->&#160;The ones who do the work your customers write about on social media.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750158 -->&#160;That might lessen the load on management.&#160; After all, better paid employees need fewer incentives and fewer rules.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750159 -->&#160;And fewer verbal spankings from the human resources department.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750160 -->&#160;Don't get any socialistic notions about telling me to pay my employees more.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750161 -->&#160;Not that I care about income for your business, but a wage-gap tax break might reduce what you pay to contractors who pay their workers better.&#160; For sure it will reduce the size of taxpayer-supported food-assistance handouts.&#160; The ones you complain about.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750162 -->&#160;Hmm, this seems to relate to what you said earlier father, I mean Whit.&#160; You said shortcuts to earn more money typically increase suffering for others.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0750163 -->&#160;Churches now provide hot meals and clothing to those who cannot afford the basics.&#160; When they can get better-paying jobs we won't need to offer as much assistance to the needy.&#160; So this is yet another way churches might lose even more of our influence.&#160; Yet I'm in favor of this reform!&#160; People with jobs surely deserve basic healthcare, staying warm, some hot meals, and a stuffed toy for a child.&#160; Without assistance from churches or government.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780000 -->&#160;Plus, more of the money will go into the local economy.&#160; Remember women tend to choose jobs where they can help children, nurse folks to better health, help customers, and sell toy dinosaurs.&#160; Currently those jobs pay less.&#160; When those women earn more, they will spend more of it doing good things for their family and the community.&#160; That's way better than managers and executives buying bigger fishing boats.&#160; And buying stupid lingerie as if that compensates for their failure to understand what wives want.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780001 -->&#160;And there will be fewer strikes by workers.&#160; And fewer voters pushing for, what's that called, something like guaranteed income?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780002 -->&#160;Universal basic income.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780003 -->&#160;Finally we agree on something.&#160; That idea doesn't deserve to exist.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780004 -->&#160;And it wouldn't be getting attention if business owners reduced the wage gap.&#160; Remember capitalism is about supply and demand.&#160; When you supply better-paying jobs there will be lots of demand for those jobs so you'll get better-qualified applicants.&#160; In other words tax credits can incentivize what the Dalai Lama calls compassion.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780005 -->&#160;Translating the Dalai Lama's wise insights into tax credits.&#160; I love it!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780006 -->&#160;Whit, also you were right about talking.&#160; Before today I thought Democrats were evil.&#160; Now I see it's not that simple.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780007 -->&#160;There are nut jobs in both parties.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780008 -->&#160;I'm now registered as a Republican.&#160; So I can vote in Republican primaries.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780009 -->&#160;So you're a Republican?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780010 -->&#160;I'll still vote for Democratic candidates in general elections.&#160; But now, in the primary, I'll vote for the least repugnant Republican contestant who has a chance of getting nominated.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780011 -->&#160;I figure I'll do that too.&#160; Although sometimes I'll vote for Republicans.&#160; Mostly I'll push for ranked choice voting.&#160; So we can get fairness and widespread economic prosperity</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780012 -->&#160;So is fairness or economic prosperity more important to you?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780013 -->&#160;Why can't we get both?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780014 -->&#160;Getting to the point, do you want to earn more money so we can afford maybe a few luxuries in life?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780015 -->&#160;I want to build a business that provides something that benefits the customers.&#160; My original plan was to manufacture my leaf gutter cleaning tool so that fewer people fall off ladders when cleaning their gutters.&#160; Yet lately, other inventions have been popping into my mind.&#160; Most are for the kitchen food prep appliance someone told us about.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780016 -->&#160;Your mind is in the gutter.&#160; None of that makes sense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780017 -->&#160;Mmm, I'm beginning to see the value of creating that kind of business if it gets taxed less.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780018 -->&#160;And fewer toes would get stepped on.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780019 -->&#160;And fewer fingers would get cut doing food prep.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780020 -->&#160;As a bachelor, a kitchen food prep machine sounds useful.&#160; Especially now that takeout orders will be rare, ice cream no longer counts as food, and I'll consume more carrots and fruit smoothies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780021 -->&#160;So Damien, do you agree with this woman, what's her name.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780022 -->&#160;Desha.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780023 -->&#160;It makes sense to me sir.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780024 -->&#160;So Katerina, do you still want this guy as your future husband?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780025 -->&#160;So Damien, do you still want to work hard so we can enjoy a nice lifestyle?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780026 -->&#160;Willing to work hard, that I'm willing to do.&#160; But how nice of a lifestyle do you have in mind?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780027 -->&#160;Just a cute three-bedroom house with a fireplace.&#160; And of course a back yard, or front yard, for a dog.&#160; But it can be smaller than a Saint Bernard.&#160; And a comfortable car for road trips and errands.&#160; And sometimes a trip to London or Paris.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780028 -->&#160;I thought our plan was to enjoy time at home eating healthy food, and relaxing on the weekend, plus spending time with friends.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780029 -->&#160;Of course all of that too.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780030 -->&#160;And of course your mother and I want grandchildren.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780031 -->&#160;If the worlds of politics, and business, and the economy, were not so upside down, then all of that, plus a tiara, would be within our reach.&#160; But now we're living during a time of transition.&#160; I'm afraid we could enter a new dark age if we stay on the path we're on.&#160; Instead I want to help make the world a better place for everyone's grandkids.&#160; Even if that means I, or we, have to make a few sacrifices.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780032 -->&#160;Oh father, what should I do?&#160; This isn't the way I want things to be.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780033 -->&#160;You are my precious princess so I'll continue to give you money if that's what it takes to keep you happy.&#160; I'll even help support the two of you financially if that's necessary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780034 -->&#160;This puts me in an awkward place.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780035 -->&#160;The fact that you have to think about which to choose tells me it's me who should lose.&#160; And your father's offer of financial support basically is bribery to distract me from the issue of corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780036 -->&#160;It's clear to me that you love one another.&#160; So don't have doubt about your love.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780037 -->&#160;There are plenty of single jerks with lots of money.&#160; ... Jordan, I'm not including you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780038 -->&#160;No offense taken.&#160; And perhaps you're a bit right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780039 -->&#160;It's easy to find a guy who earns good money stepping on people's toes.&#160; But if he's young he'll pick you up in a pickup truck double parked, engine revving, and honking his horn.&#160; Young mature men are hard to find.&#160; So do you want money or maturity?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780040 -->&#160;I want both.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780041 -->&#160;Then it's clear you value money more than you value who I really am.&#160; I'll clear out my things in a few days.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780042 -->&#160;Can we still be friends?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780043 -->&#160;Of course, provided I can also remain friends with Desha.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780044 -->&#160;Since you won't become my son-in-law I won't insist on you not being friends with this ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780045 -->&#160;Skank.&#160; That's the word I think you want.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780046 -->&#160;Father taught me long ago that when someone criticizes another it's as if they are pointing into a mirror.&#160; Usually the critic deserves their own criticism.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780047 -->&#160;Father, Whit, you've raised a great daughter.&#160; Hawken, after I'm recovered we can talk more about our project.&#160; In the meantime, I hate awkward conversations, and misty eyes and tears that flow, so it's time for you, Hawken, and your daughter to go.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780048 -->&#160;I promise that my development project will bring great things to this city and county.&#160; Come my princess, it's time to leave.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780049 -->&#160;Until you can get all your stuff, I'll pack some clothes and such in a box.&#160; I'll text you when it's in the hall.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780050 -->&#160;Thanks.&#160; And remember I do love you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780051 -->&#160;I know.&#160; That's why I wanted to marry you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780052 -->&#160;Let's get out of this inhospitable hospital.&#160; Bye!&#160; <span class="explain">[Door opens and closes.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780053 -->&#160;Normally I'd suggest lightening up the mood with some ice cream.&#160; But times have changed.&#160; So I'll just say that was the most entertaining drama I've seen since high school prom night.&#160; And I'll add that you two, Damien and Desha, seem like wonderful young people to me.&#160; And I've learned that I could use a few new friends.&#160; So if either or both of you want to come and visit me at home after I'm out of this place, you're invited.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780054 -->&#160;I'm beginning to see that not all wealthy people are bad.&#160; But I've been told I'm a bad-ass.&#160; That's not going to change.&#160; So unless you like being criticized for your money quest, staying away might be best.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780055 -->&#160;As for me, probably I should call my mother and be a moocher for a bit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780056 -->&#160;If that gets old you can come and stay with Willie and me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780057 -->&#160;So is it true what Katerina said about seeing love for me in your eyes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780058 -->&#160;You are very smart.&#160; But sometimes you can be so dense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780059 -->&#160;I'm not tall.&#160; Or handsome.&#160; As you know I've got no money I can offer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780060 -->&#160;The reason Willie and I are single is we don't tolerate jerks.&#160; And most guys are just that, jerks.&#160; But you're not.&#160; You have spirit, a sense of fairness, a willingness to work through rough times.&#160; And whoever said you aren't quite handsome should get their eyesight examined.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780061 -->&#160;Wouldn't your Willie be jealous?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780062 -->&#160;We're willing to share.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780063 -->&#160;That's something money can't buy!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780064 -->&#160;I'm fond of her Willie, in case you wonder about someone you've not yet met.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780065 -->&#160;I can be dense too.&#160; Yet I know this is when you two should kiss.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780066 -->&#160;Whit, do I need your permission?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780067 -->&#160;If you can tame this wild lass, then gladly I give you her ...&#160; hand.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780068 -->&#160;I don't think she needs to be tamed.&#160; She just needs to continue fighting against corruption.&#160; And that's a fight I'm willing to share.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780069 -->&#160;You really do care!&#160; <span class="explain">[Desha moves to Damien, they kiss on the lips, then hug.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780070 -->&#160;Father, Whit, was just telling me I need more love in my life.&#160; You've brought your love here for me to appreciate.&#160; So go for it you wise and also stupid fools!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780071 -->&#160;In so many ways, for far too long, the world has been upside down.&#160; Now it's time to fight for what's right.&#160; And turn the world right-side up!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780072 -->&#160;If it would help me, or might inspire a better eulogy for me, then perhaps I can help make that happen.&#160; Let's discuss this some more at my lonely home.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780073 -->&#160;Can my Willie come?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780074 -->&#160;Of course!&#160; A party!&#160; And not the political kind.&#160; I'll pay for Chinese takeout.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780075 -->&#160;Father knows a good place for Chinese takeout.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780076 -->&#160;Oh yes, Foo Ken Good Palace.&#160; It's on southeast Ashinhole Avenue.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780077 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Chuckles.]</span> Whit do you want to come too?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780078 -->&#160;More sparks for the fireworks?&#160; I'll decline.&#160; Yet I'm all in favor of turning the world right-side up.&#160; After all, turning things right-side up is the purpose of religion.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780079 -->&#160;Holy guacamole!&#160; I never realized that's religion's grand prize.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780080 -->&#160;It's dawning on me that turning the world right side up also is the purpose of elections and democracy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780081 -->&#160;Unfortunately the greediest business owners exploit our flawed election system.&#160; Their selfishness squeezes money from each other's customers.&#160; That wasteful corruption drags down our entire economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780082 -->&#160;I'm learning a lot today.&#160; I see that my customers, the ones who buy from the businesses I own and direct, are being robbed by other businesses.&#160; I'm learning that workers and Democrats aren't evil.&#160; And I see there are wise ways to get wider prosperity.&#160; Without anyone getting overly fat.&#160; As for love, I mistook admiration to be a weak kind of love.&#160; Now I'm feeling emptiness in spite of all I own.&#160; My world is upside down.&#160; It's not the way I want things to be.&#160; I want love and joy like everyone else.&#160; I too want to help begin to turn the world right-side up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780083 -->&#160;I see you have a good heart.&#160; I'll shift my view of the wealthy.&#160; So you can be a part of my world.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780084 -->&#160;Yes we'll visit you at your home.&#160; Surely there's a way to merge what we all want.&#160; Somehow we can begin to help turn the world right-side up!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780085 -->&#160;Yes!&#160; And let's start by joining forces together!&#160; <span class="explain">[They kiss again.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780086 -->&#160;I can see the sparks flying already.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780087 -->&#160;I do enjoy fireworks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780088 -->&#160;So do I!&#160; <span class="explain">[Desha reaches out and holds a hand with Jordan.]</span> Speaking of which, ...&#160; Jordan, I won't stop kicking your ass.&#160; But in fairness you're welcome to try to kick mine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780089 -->&#160;You can try to step on my toes.&#160; Anything goes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780090 -->&#160;Deal!&#160; <span class="explain">[Desha goes back to put arm behind Damien.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780091 -->&#160;Speaking of kicking ass, I still want to see your <i>kick ass</i> tattoo.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0780092 -->&#160;A private showing of her is in your future.</p>

</body>
</html>

