<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Voice Actor Casting Suggestions</title>
<meta name="author" content="Richard Fobes" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>Voice Actor Casting Suggestions</h1>
<p class="para_standard">These voice descriptions reveal the author's intention for the character voices.&#160; At the end of the list are voice descriptions that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000009 -->&#160;<b>Damien</b>, young adult male, tenor voice.&#160; Slight Puerto Rican accent.&#160; In earlier scenes uses slightly lazy pronunciation (such as lookin' instead of looking) on non-important words.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance singer_abbrev">K<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000001 -->&#160;<b>Katerina</b>, young adult female, soprano or alto voice.&#160; Speaks as though raised in an upper middle-class family.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc singer_abbrev">JM<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000002 -->&#160;<b>Jordan Morton</b>, middle-age adult male, baritone voice.&#160; Speaks boldly as if wealthy.&#160;</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician singer_abbrev">F<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000003 -->&#160;<b>Fred Finckhster</b>, older adult male, tenor voice.&#160; Speaks like an experienced politician.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000004 -->&#160;<b>Desha</b>, young adult female, alto voice.&#160; U.S. American accent, but voice sounds like racially she is mixed-race with some African-American ancestry in addition to European ancestry.&#160; Speaks strong political opinions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof singer_abbrev">M<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000005 -->&#160;<b>Professor Mata</b>, middle-age female, soprano or alto voice.&#160; Sounds like a university professor.&#160; Clear enunciation is important.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000006 -->&#160;<b>Professor Pengaritihas</b>, middle-age male, tenor voice.&#160; Slight Indian accent, as if he is the son of immigrants from India.&#160; (At least pronounces <i>the</i> as <i>thee</i> rather than <i>thuh</i>.)&#160; Sounds like a university professor.&#160; Clear enunciation is important.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister singer_abbrev">W<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000007 -->&#160;<b>Whit</b> (pronounced like <i>wit</i>), middle-age male, tenor voice.&#160; Sounds like a wise minister or clergyman.&#160; Racially he sounds like he could be the father of Desha.&#160; Clear enunciation is important.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance singer_abbrev">H<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0000008 -->&#160;<b>Hawken</b>, middle-age male, bass or baritone voice.&#160; Sounds like a pompous wealthy person.</p>
<p class="para_standard">Additional characteristics for specific characters are revealed in the dialog.</p> <p class="para_standard"><b>Voice suggestions for all characters:</b>&#160; The voices should be natural (full-throated and conversational), lively (with frequent emotion-based pitch inflections although virtually never in the middle of a syllable, and with word-specific loudness changes), and smiling (comedic, but not <i>funny</i>), without any shouting.&#160; The rhythm should be freeform and improvisational without being specified by written notation or metronome-like timing.&#160; When words rhyme without being at the ends of sentences or phrases, a slight timing or emphasis adjustment can help the rhyming to be heard at least subconsciously.&#160; The voice acting should not be self-conscious.</p>
</body>
</html>

