<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Fighting Against Darkness</title>
<meta name="author" content="Richard Fobes" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>Scene 4, Fighting Against Darkness</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De (Desha)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400000 -->&#160;You're way late.&#160; And don't call this a date.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D (Damien)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400001 -->&#160;Are you Desha?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400002 -->&#160;Who else would be in this spot in this cemetery at this time?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400003 -->&#160;Nice to meet you.&#160; I'm Damien.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400004 -->&#160;Of course.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400005 -->&#160;Thanks for meeting with me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400006 -->&#160;For nothing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400007 -->&#160;Huh?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400008 -->&#160;That's the meaning of <i>de nada</i> in Spanish.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400009 -->&#160;Yeah I know.&#160; My mom is <i>Puerto Rican</i> <span class="explain">[pronounced with a Spanish-language accent]</span>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400010 -->&#160;Then why did you ask?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400011 -->&#160;Is there cannabis in that cookie?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400012 -->&#160;No you can't have one.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400013 -->&#160;I just wondered what's in it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400014 -->&#160;Dried cherries, chocolate chips, rolled oats, cane sugar, and ghee, but nothing funny.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400015 -->&#160;You said you wanted to meet with me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400016 -->&#160;Congressman Finckhster said I should meet with you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400017 -->&#160;To talk about how come politics is so dysfunctional, you said in your text.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400018 -->&#160;Damn right!&#160; It's so so so dysfunctional.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400019 -->&#160;So, do you know about vote splitting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400020 -->&#160;What do goats have to do with politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400021 -->&#160;Not goats.&#160; Not spitting.&#160; Vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400022 -->&#160;Splitting votes in half?&#160; That's a half-wit idea.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400023 -->&#160;Not splitting ballots.&#160; Splitting voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400024 -->&#160;That's murder.&#160; Yes politicians do murder innocent people by writing laws that flush us down Thomas Crapper's invention.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400025 -->&#160;That's not what vote splitting is.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400026 -->&#160;Then it sounds quite esoteric.&#160; What's important is that the world is suffering under an epidemic of toxic corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400027 -->&#160;Yeah, corruption's so selfish and unfair.&#160; It's like leaving just four squares of toilet paper on a toilet paper roll.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400028 -->&#160;It's zillions of times worse than that.&#160; Corruption kills through economic suffering that leads to suicide, homicide, and slow death by fast food.&#160; Corruption kills by letting gun makers push assault rifles into the hands of clueless kids who use them to take the lives of schoolkids, minorities, and even the police officers who protect us.&#160; And corruption gives the green light to cars killing pedestrians.&#160; And the companion of corruption is despair.&#160; Life is so unfair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400029 -->&#160;<i>The companion of corruption is despair.</i> If that's from the Bible I've never heard it.&#160; But I agree.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400030 -->&#160;Skip the sermons.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400031 -->&#160;Vote splitting is at the root of unfair elections.&#160; So do you wanna hear about it?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400032 -->&#160;Tell me how you think it makes a difference.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400033 -->&#160;For instance, suppose there's four politicians.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400034 -->&#160;What are their names?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400035 -->&#160;I dunno.&#160; This is just a generic for instance.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400036 -->&#160;Generic is dead, like the people here.&#160; Let's bring them to life.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400037 -->&#160;You can raise the dead?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400038 -->&#160;Not those thems.&#160; You describe your <i>for instance</i> politicians, I'll give them names.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400039 -->&#160;Two of them are puppets of wealthy business owners.&#160; The other two promise to reduce corruption, so they are more well-liked.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400040 -->&#160;The names of the first two are Pinoke and Oscar.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400041 -->&#160;Could you explain what's in your brain?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400042 -->&#160;Pinoke is a nickname for Pinocchio, the puppet whose nose grows when he lies.&#160; And Oscar's last name is the Grouch.&#160; He's swimming in trash just like corrupt politicians.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400043 -->&#160;Okay.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400044 -->&#160;The other two are named Barack, because we can hope for change, and Hypatia because women should rule.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400045 -->&#160;With these live candidates, two cruel, and two cool, who would win?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400046 -->&#160;Either Barack or Hypatia, the cool ones, obviously.&#160; Because voters want less corruption.&#160; Voters don't want Pinoke, don't want Oscar.&#160; Don't want the cruel ones.&#160; They are the puppets of money-obsessed, short-sighted, large-mouthed bass.&#160; The turds.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400047 -->&#160;Right.&#160; The voters get who they favored.&#160; But then big-money donors arrive.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400048 -->&#160;Now you'll say their money buys ads.&#160; Filled with lies.&#160; Ones that hypnotize.&#160; The way a car's headlights freeze a bumpkin rabbit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400049 -->&#160;Only the terminally stupid would fall for those.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400050 -->&#160;So tell me how you think it goes.&#160; Why money alters the winners.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400051 -->&#160;Wealthy business owners, who are the biggest campaign donors, in private they choose which puppet gets their dollars.&#160; If they like the look of Pinoke's nose, then they propose to Oscar that he take a hike on the Appalachian trail.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400052 -->&#160;That wouldn't fail to make Oscar a grouch.&#160; What if he should refuse?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400053 -->&#160;They point out he'll lose.&#160; Without their funds.&#160; Or they bribe him with favors, if that's what it takes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400054 -->&#160;A dumpster full of cookies and cakes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400055 -->&#160;Or a lifetime subscription to <i>Grouch Magazine</i>.&#160; That would leave Pinoke and Hypatia and Barack.&#160; Who would win that three-way race?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400056 -->&#160;Ah, lots of voters would split their votes between Barack and Hypatia.&#160; That would make it easier for Pinoke to reach victory.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400057 -->&#160;Plus Koch Brothers and Forbes levels of dollars, those would pay for ads that attack Hypatia and Barack.&#160; Plus photos of Pinoke would be photoshopped to make his nose look normal size to hide his lies.&#160; That would tip the three-way balance enough to rig the race.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0400058 -->&#160;A puppet wins.&#160; That's unfair!&#160; The winner is chosen by millionaires.&#160; Yet, more voters prefer either Hypatia or Barack.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420000 -->&#160;That's what I've figured out.&#160; But now I'm stuck.&#160; I dunno how to change elections so they don't suck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420001 -->&#160;We can call attention to this deception.&#160; We'll get voters to concentrate their votes on either Barack or Hypatia.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420002 -->&#160;Who would decide which candidate to boycott?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420003 -->&#160;We the voters could get one to vacate their spot, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420004 -->&#160;That would coax the wealthiest campaign donors to quietly fund yet another candidate.&#160; One who also promises to reduce corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420005 -->&#160;Let's name this one Gandhi.&#160; Yes this whack-a-mole tactic's difficult to beat.&#160; It splits the voters even more, making it even harder to defeat their single puppet.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420006 -->&#160;All that happens in each <i>primary</i> election.&#160; Then in the <i>general</i> election we have to choose between the two puppets, one from each party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420007 -->&#160;Now it makes yet more sense why we have just two main political parties.&#160; This is quite unlike what I read in poly sci <span class="explain">[pronounced SIGH]</span> textbooks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420008 -->&#160;And years ago puppet politicians passed a law that gives taxpayer funds to a third-party presidential candidate who gets more than five percent of the vote.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420009 -->&#160;I thought that was a good thing.&#160; But so far it's been a bribe to parties on the liberal side.&#160; While conservative parties don't take that bait.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420010 -->&#160;The conservative candidates get their bribes earlier, before election season starts.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420011 -->&#160;So liberals get seduced into splitting their votes.&#160; While conservatives quietly concentrate their votes on just one candidate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420012 -->&#160;You learn fast.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420013 -->&#160;I have a degree in political science.&#160; But they never taught us the hidden money part of this tactical unfairness.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420014 -->&#160;The unfairness is well-hidden behind numbers.&#160; And math to me is scary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420015 -->&#160;What scares me is that our planet is losing snow leopards and elephants, and rhinoceros ...&#160; es, and dolphins, and coral reefs, and plant species that could cure and feed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420016 -->&#160;Is that what pushed you into politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420017 -->&#160;At the age of fourteen, ... my mother died.&#160; And then my father lied.&#160; He told me that after awhile I would get back my smile.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420018 -->&#160;I can't imagine what it would be like to lose someone so close.&#160; While still young.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420019 -->&#160;Neither can I.&#160; It's still surrealistic.&#160; Then just six years later another tragic death assaulted me.&#160; ...&#160; My brother was killed by a bomb in the Middle East.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420020 -->&#160;How did you cope?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420021 -->&#160;I almost lost hope.&#160; Then I realized my mother was killed by incompetent city officials.&#160; They failed to time pedestrian walk signals to give walkers a head start.&#160; Before the green light for cars.&#160; And I realized, that basically, my brother was in the Middle East defending profits for oil companies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420022 -->&#160;Is that why we're in this graveyard?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420023 -->&#160;My mother and brother are buried over there.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420024 -->&#160;Buried as a pair?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420025 -->&#160;With room to spare for father and me.&#160; Over time I traced the local corruption to the state level, then to DC, then to Congress where they write laws so corrupt.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420026 -->&#160;Yeah, corruption.&#160; I can't define it.&#160; But I sure see tons of that ... shit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420027 -->&#160;It's fraud, graft, and cronyism.&#160; It's cheating, swindling, and profiteering.&#160; It's dishonesty, treachery, and bribery.&#160; It's wickedness, deceitfulness, and deviousness.&#160; Plus lying.&#160; And littering.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420028 -->&#160;Littering?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420029 -->&#160;It's a gateway crime.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420030 -->&#160;If you think I'm following, then one of us is lost.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420031 -->&#160;Like not picking up dog poop, and not wearing a face mask in public when you've got a cough.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420032 -->&#160;You're dancing to the beat of different bongos now, Desha.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420033 -->&#160;A dog owner doesn't pick up her dog's poop because <i>her</i> dog will poke its own poop with his snout.&#160; She picks it up so other dogs don't poke the poop with <i>their</i> snouts.&#160; In return, those other dog owners protect her dog by picking up their dog's poop.&#160; It's a pooch poop scooper loop.&#160; And the same kind of loop works with face masks during an epidemic, but with coughs and sneezes and spittle instead of poop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420034 -->&#160;What the ... poo?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420035 -->&#160;Corruption of that loop happens when someone fails to bend over and scoop their dog's poop.&#160; It's an example of corruption in general.&#160; It's when someone gets something by ignoring the suffering of others.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420036 -->&#160;So over-reaching?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420037 -->&#160;Greedily over-reaching for what they want while ignoring the suffering they inflict on others.&#160; I fight to remind them that's not okay.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420038 -->&#160;Against people who don't, er, participate in ... super pupper ... pooper scooper loops?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420039 -->&#160;Fighting against corruption.&#160; I've got a tattoo to remind me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420040 -->&#160;Can I see it?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420041 -->&#160;It's for private tours only.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420042 -->&#160;What's it say?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420043 -->&#160;It's a graphic.&#160; It reminds me to kick ass.&#160; To fight against corruption.&#160; And never give up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420044 -->&#160;Who's your target?</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420045 -->&#160;I've hit a turning point.&#160; Originally I thought the enemy was capitalism, and that socialism was the opposite.&#160; But it's not that simple.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420046 -->&#160;Hopefully that wasn't part of the tattoo.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420047 -->&#160;Then I fought against the Republican party.&#160; But recently I realized the opposition Democratic party has been infiltrated by big-money donors who want Republicans to win.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420048 -->&#160;I too just learned about this trick.&#160; And that the fight between left and right is just a distraction tactic.&#160; It's like what a magician doing magic does.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420049 -->&#160;Mistreat rabbits?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420050 -->&#160;Entertain with one hand to distract attention away from the other hand that's doing the sneaky trick.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420051 -->&#160;Now that I know the Republican party isn't the real enemy, my anger's getting thick.&#160; So I need to figure out, and quick, whose butt I should kick.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420052 -->&#160;I think I've found the tipping point.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420053 -->&#160;The place on a cow that can tip them over?&#160; Not that I've ever, well, recently, tried tipping a cow.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420054 -->&#160;Yeah, but that path is blocked.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420055 -->&#160;Is it padlocked?&#160; I can pick some locks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420056 -->&#160;It's a huge barrier.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420057 -->&#160;What's the blockage?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420058 -->&#160;Math.&#160; It's blocking me from finding the whacking point that'll turn the world right side up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420059 -->&#160;Math is dreary to me.&#160; Yet I got as far as algebra and trig and statistics without successfully using my protractor to commit hari-kari <span class="explain">[intentionally misspelled and mispronounced]</span>.&#160; What do you wanna know about?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420060 -->&#160;I wanna figure out how votes should be counted to get results that are fair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420061 -->&#160;I don't know how to get there.&#160; But I do know someone who maybe can unravel that puzzle.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420062 -->&#160;Can he help me with my struggle?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420063 -->&#160;Wrong gender.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420064 -->&#160;Who's she?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420065 -->&#160;She's a math prof.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420066 -->&#160;A professor of math?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420067 -->&#160;Yes, at the state university.&#160; That's where I got my degree.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420068 -->&#160;I couldn't cope with even community college.&#160; Textbooks hold weaselly words that try to drag my brain to useless destinations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420069 -->&#160;So you're a loser.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420070 -->&#160;But I'm trying not to be.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420071 -->&#160;So stand up and fight!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420072 -->&#160;But I'm not brainy.&#160; Fighting against math would be a bloodbath.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420073 -->&#160;What took you this far?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420074 -->&#160;I'm short and not handsome.&#160; So working hard to earn money is all I've got to keep my fianc&#233; happy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420075 -->&#160;What's so special about her?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420076 -->&#160;She appreciates me, even though I'm not a hunk surrounded by adoring women.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420077 -->&#160;All you need is one.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420078 -->&#160;Do you have someone?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420079 -->&#160;I have my Willie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420080 -->&#160;Are you two happy?&#160; You and your Willie?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420081 -->&#160;Don't get snoopy with me.&#160; Regarding learning, you just need to study.&#160; School isn't that hard.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420082 -->&#160;I have some kind of leak in my brain.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420083 -->&#160;Can you read?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420084 -->&#160;My limit is a minute or two.&#160; Then the characters on a page literally are a pain to look at.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420085 -->&#160;Do the words gallop across the page like buffalo in a frenzied stampede?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420086 -->&#160;Yeah, how did you get into my head?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420087 -->&#160;Have you tried color-tinted reading glasses?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420088 -->&#160;Your words sound as squishy as a banana.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420089 -->&#160;I'll send you a text with a link to where you can find out more.&#160; Anyways, do you want me to arrange a meeting with this math professor?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420090 -->&#160;Okay but only if she can explain things in spoken words and not use jargon, or academic speak.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420091 -->&#160;I think she can be okay with that.&#160; And maybe I can translate if that's what you really need.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420092 -->&#160;It's what I need.&#160; What do you need?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420093 -->&#160;In my early youth we were so happy then, even though our home was cramped, and money we lacked.&#160; Then the world turned upside down.&#160; My smile became a frown.&#160; I saw suffering that I hadn't seen before.&#160; And I traced the cause of suffering to corruption in government.&#160; Those ...&#160; grrr ... politicians are the puppets of greedy money huggers.&#160; Now I want to send them to hell, those greedy evil muggers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420094 -->&#160;Which ones?&#160; The politicians or the big campaign contributors?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420095 -->&#160;Whoever is most to blame.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420096 -->&#160;From what I can tell, campaign contributors and even slimy politicians are mostly clueless.&#160; They know that money works like puppet strings, but they don't understand the details about why.&#160; Except some of them know about the blocking tactic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420097 -->&#160;Is this a lame football metaphor?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420098 -->&#160;In two thousand eight, during the primary, some Republicans gave money to Obama to block Hillary Clinton from reaching the general election.&#160; They figured a black man couldn't possibly win that general election.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420099 -->&#160;That's horrific!&#160; Hillary should have won that election.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420100 -->&#160;Not necessarily.&#160; Both Obama and Clinton should have been in that general election.&#160; Along with a second Republican.&#160; That would have given voters a choice between four slogans, not just two.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420101 -->&#160;What slogans?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420102 -->&#160;Obama's slogan was <i>hope and change</i>.&#160; McCain's slogan was <i>it's my turn</i>.&#160; Clinton's slogan was <i>I'm experienced, trust me</i>.&#160; But we don't know what slogan would have come from the second Republican.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420103 -->&#160;So what should we fight against?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420104 -->&#160;We need to find out how to count ballots to handle four or more candidates.&#160; Hopefully that will tame the circus ... of elephants and donkeys.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420105 -->&#160;And stupid goats.&#160; Well, okay, stupid voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420106 -->&#160;Unfortunately the math is blocking me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420107 -->&#160;I call on the spirits of the dead here to inspire us to find a way to shine a light that casts out the darkness.&#160; So that a path to better times appears.&#160; We can fight with words.&#160; We can fight with deeds.&#160; Let's do whatever we need to bring good times back to us, the voters, the majority.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420108 -->&#160;Whatever it takes?&#160; Yeah, it seems it'll take some looking into mathematics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420109 -->&#160;I'm willing to help you fight against your fear of math.&#160; Let's do this!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420110 -->&#160;I'm ready to fight!&#160; Let's find out how to turn the world right side up.&#160; I just hope there's no evil fractions.&#160; I would rather encounter pirates or snakes.&#160; Or even a volcano ready to erupt.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0420111 -->&#160;Rise up dead spirits!&#160; Help us avenge your deaths at the hands of the corrupt!</p>

</body>
</html>

