<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Economic Engines</title>
<meta name="author" content="Richard Fobes" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>Scene 6, Economic Engines</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De (Desha)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600000 -->&#160;Are you professor Penta ..., Penta-guide-us?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P (Professor Pengaritihas)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600001 -->&#160;Professor Pengaritihas.&#160; Are you two Demon and Dasha?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600002 -->&#160;I'm Desha.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D (Damien)<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600003 -->&#160;I'm Damien.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600004 -->&#160;Can we call you Professor Penga?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600005 -->&#160;Sure, that's better than spellcheck insults.&#160; Welcome to my modest office.&#160; Would you like pistachios?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600006 -->&#160;That would be a pay raise because now I get peanuts.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600007 -->&#160;We're wired on espresso.&#160; So let's go!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600008 -->&#160;I'm hungry to learn.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600009 -->&#160;We came to learn the dark arts of economics.&#160; Please tell us what will happen in the world of money when elections are fair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600010 -->&#160;When vote splitting is no longer skewing the outcome.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600011 -->&#160;It's not goat spitting.&#160; It's vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600012 -->&#160;We know ... it's super challenging ... to predict the future.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600013 -->&#160;That's mostly what us economists are paid to do.&#160; Predict the future.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600014 -->&#160;Are they, well you too, in hindsight, usually right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600015 -->&#160;Sometimes yes.&#160; Then we use our success to rise up in our academic game of thrones.&#160; Such as getting tenure.&#160; Or a better office.&#160; Sometimes no.&#160; Then we apply for a research grant to study why we were wrong.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600016 -->&#160;So you get paid more if you're wrong?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600017 -->&#160;Desha, your espresso is showing.&#160; Professor, do you have a general notion about what will change?&#160; Especially in Washington.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600018 -->&#160;Of course!&#160; New laws will outlaw lots of corruption.&#160; And there will be tax reforms and other new laws that will unblock overdue innovations.&#160; Those changes will dramatically increase economic prosperity for the United States.&#160; Or for any states that adopt those reforms.&#160; You're aware there's lots of corruption, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600019 -->&#160;Oh yes!&#160; That's why we're here.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600020 -->&#160;What's your justification?&#160; For that prediction?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600021 -->&#160;That trend has been going on throughout civilization and history.&#160; Not counting setbacks caused by large-scale stupidity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600022 -->&#160;Which kinds of stupidity?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600023 -->&#160;Civil wars and world wars.&#160; And setbacks in democracy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600024 -->&#160;Why will prosperity increase?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600025 -->&#160;Imagine the economy as a strawberry pie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600026 -->&#160;Sweet pies are tasty, but not filling.&#160; I'd rather fight for a pie with meat.&#160; How about a chicken pot pie?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600027 -->&#160;That's a mouthful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600028 -->&#160;Okay, then savory pie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600029 -->&#160;So imagine the economy is a savory pie.&#160; If some people cut themselves a slice that's too big, then other people end up with smaller slices.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600030 -->&#160;I'm following this.&#160; Wow!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600031 -->&#160;What would you like to call the people who take too big of a slice?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600032 -->&#160;People in the political down.&#160; As opposed to the political left and political right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600033 -->&#160;And we the people, who get too little, are in the political up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600034 -->&#160;Bravo!&#160; I'll bet you had to struggle to get your bearings in the political jungle.&#160; So, the way I see it, if elections were fair, then elected leaders would care more about the people you call the political up, where most of us are, who get too little economic pie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600035 -->&#160;That's the part we've figured out.&#160; And that replacement politicians wouldn't lie ... as much.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600036 -->&#160;Only some politicians will be replaced.&#160; The ones who stay will shift their priorities to better match voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600037 -->&#160;Makes sense.&#160; Without being handcuffed by their biggest campaign contributors they'll be free to do what we, the majority of voters, want.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600038 -->&#160;Of course some politicians lack souls.&#160; They'll persist in being ass ..., er, jerks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600039 -->&#160;When Congress and state legislatures better represent what voters want, they will pass laws that reduce corruption.&#160; And they will pass those tax reforms and other laws I mentioned.&#160; All of that will create more savory pies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600040 -->&#160;I would jump to the second or third pie right away to get my fair share.&#160; And I have to say, so far this is easier than playing air guitar.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600041 -->&#160;I confess when I took basic economics it wasn't this painless.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600042 -->&#160;We'll get to some complicated bits swiftly, and they involve bits of history.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600043 -->&#160;This might be tricky for me because my memory is faulty about things that happened before I was conceived.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600044 -->&#160;Rather than facts, what's more useful regarding history is causation.&#160; Cause and effect.&#160; Insights about the ones in feedback loops are especially useful.&#160; Do you know what a feedback loop is?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600045 -->&#160;Going back for seconds and thirds at an all-you-can-eat buffet?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600046 -->&#160;You're stuck in the wrong orbit.&#160; A feedback loop is what makes a hurricane so powerful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600047 -->&#160;Lots of hot air?&#160; There's lots of it in politics.&#160; It's in economics too?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600048 -->&#160;No, you airhead!&#160; A feedback loop is when a sequence of causes and effects loop back to form a circle.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600049 -->&#160;Before I get dizzy, let's start with cause and effect.&#160; Is that okay?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600050 -->&#160;Sure.&#160; Let's start with the nineteen fifties and nineteen sixties and into the nineteen seventies.&#160; Why was the U.S. economy so prosperous?</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600051 -->&#160;That was before my time so I don't know.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600052 -->&#160;This has to do with World War Two, doesn't it?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600053 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; That war happened back in, ...&#160; well it ended in nineteen forty five.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600054 -->&#160;Well, the boomer babies were born and raised.&#160; That increased consumption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600055 -->&#160;Shift your focus from consumption to production.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600056 -->&#160;Does this relate to factories not getting bombed?&#160; Here in the U.S.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600057 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; Factories and power plants throughout the world were bombed, except in the United States, Canada, and less-accessible parts of Russia.&#160; Why was that noteworthy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600058 -->&#160;Anyone who wanted a factory job could get one?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600059 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; What else?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600060 -->&#160;Didn't factory jobs pay well back then?&#160; Well enough to buy a house?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600061 -->&#160;Yes, and what else?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600062 -->&#160;I don't feel brainy, because I don't see where you're going.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600063 -->&#160;What's that called when there is only one place that sells what people want to buy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600064 -->&#160;Oh, a monopoly!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600065 -->&#160;Exactly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600066 -->&#160;Oh yeah, the entire world had to buy manufactured goods from the U.S. and Canada and Russia.&#160; Because other factories on the planet had become dinosaurs, wiped out by bombs instead of an asteroid.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600067 -->&#160;And when there's a monopoly the seller can sell at high prices.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600068 -->&#160;And that big flow of money to factories meant higher wages.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600069 -->&#160;Great thinking!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600070 -->&#160;Wait a minute!&#160; Is that economic prosperity what voters think of when they hear the slogan about making America great again?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600071 -->&#160;So this is why the MAGA hat became so popular.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600072 -->&#160;Yet Trump blames racial minorities and women for the bad economy we have now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600073 -->&#160;I'm the son of immigrant parents, from India.&#160; So I know that makes as much sense as standing up in a hammock.&#160; Even worse, it's simplistic to think we can regain that prior prosperity just by building factories.&#160; Do you see why?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600074 -->&#160;The monopoly ended.&#160; Other nations built new factories.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600075 -->&#160;Brilliant!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600076 -->&#160;Does this mean the belief that anyone can get rich by working hard has reached its expiration date?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600077 -->&#160;History reveals that prosperity happens when a city, nation, or region sells something that people outside the region either need or strongly desire.&#160; And it's not available from anywhere else.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600078 -->&#160;But monopolies are just short blips that expire like fads, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600079 -->&#160;Do you know what the silk road was?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600080 -->&#160;Yeah.&#160; Marco Polo and lots of caravans traveled along it to get silk from China.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600081 -->&#160;Instead of just selling spools of silk, the Chinese in the Forbidden city wove it into <i>beautiful</i> fabric that was worth more than its weight in gold.&#160; To protect their monopoly they kept their special silkworms within the Forbidden City.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600082 -->&#160;Which is where the emperor lived.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600083 -->&#160;I presume with a harem in addition to the worms.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600084 -->&#160;That monopoly lasted for centuries.&#160; So they aren't always blips in time.&#160; Also the Arabic-speaking traders along the Middle East portion of the silk road monopolized access to that silk, and that trade monopoly also lasted for centuries.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600085 -->&#160;Okay, monopolies are not always short blips.&#160; And I see monopolies are good for sellers but bad for customers.&#160; But how does that affect today's economy?&#160; It seems like rising to the middle class based on hard work is something from the past, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600086 -->&#160;It's not that simple.&#160; Do you know about inflation?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600087 -->&#160;Yeah!&#160; The cost of rent and food and utilities are going up and up fast while salaries suck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600088 -->&#160;My paycheck would beat both of yours in a vacuum cleaner competition.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600089 -->&#160;There are reasons why the cost of living is going up faster than the consumer price index, which is the official measurement of inflation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600090 -->&#160;I remember that number is flawed a bit, but I forgot why it's full of ... corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600091 -->&#160;Part of the why is because back when the price of food items were quickly rising, some food items were replaced by items whose cost were declining.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600092 -->&#160;What's declining in cost?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600093 -->&#160;The per-pixel cost of digital cameras.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600094 -->&#160;I recognize that word <i>per</i>.&#160; It means division.&#160; The number of pixels in a camera are going up.&#160; So dividing by that bigger number makes the result go down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600095 -->&#160;The government is hiding the real cost of living!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600096 -->&#160;Why are they lying?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600097 -->&#160;The consumer price index is linked to government costs.&#160; Such as social security benefits and retirement pensions for government employees.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600098 -->&#160;So the government basically uses tricks to pretend inflation is low, so it pays out less money, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600099 -->&#160;The word <i>tricks</i> is a bit unfair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600100 -->&#160;We can't call it what it is, which is lying and corruption.&#160; Shall we call it slick arithmetic?&#160; Or the shopper whopper index?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600101 -->&#160;Let's not.&#160; Already I'm avoiding talking about economics terminology such as <i>the tragedy of the commons</i>.&#160; Instead I'm simplifying by talking about economic pie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600102 -->&#160;No wonder school is so distasteful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600103 -->&#160;Thank you for not giving Damien the common tragic version.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600104 -->&#160;Getting back to the consumer price index, it excludes rent and home ownership because they are too difficult to measure in a way that's fruitful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600105 -->&#160;Affordable housing has become a studio apartment or used RV.&#160; Or a tent.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600106 -->&#160;As for food and utilities, they are rising like a rocket.&#160; Inflation is ripping off a bigger and bigger part of my paycheck.&#160; Is anything else being fudged?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600107 -->&#160;Or faked, falsified, hoaxed, or quacked?</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600108 -->&#160;Desha, do you remember from basic economics what determines interest rates?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600109 -->&#160;The federal reserve chooses when to increase and decrease the interest rate, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600110 -->&#160;That's the rate talked about in the news.&#160; But more important is the rate determined by auctioning treasuries.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600111 -->&#160;Auctions, that means sold to the highest bidder, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600112 -->&#160;Yes. But I don't remember learning about those auctions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600113 -->&#160;It's not taught to undergrads.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600114 -->&#160;I'll bet textbooks don't include it because schools are funded by the government.&#160; So textbooks can't reveal secrets the government wants to hide.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600115 -->&#160;In economically optimistic times those auctioned U.S. treasuries sell for higher prices, closer to the amount the government pays when they reach their redemption date.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600116 -->&#160;Ah, but in economically pessimistic times the buyers pay much less.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600117 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; Then the gap between purchase price and redemption payment increases.&#160; That's the gap that actually controls interest rates.&#160; The interest rate reported in the news has to somewhat match that gap.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600118 -->&#160;Optimism?&#160; Pessimism?&#160; Feelings matter?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600119 -->&#160;You buy more stuff, at higher prices, when you're less afraid of the future.&#160; Like during the cheery holiday season.&#160; Economists measure those feelings.&#160; You've heard of the consumer confidence index, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600120 -->&#160;I'm a consumer.&#160; Or I try to be.&#160; But I have no confidence in the future.&#160; And at the moment something makes no sense.&#160; Interest rates have been low most of my life.&#160; That means there's been lots of buyers for those ...&#160; things?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600121 -->&#160;Treasuries.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600122 -->&#160;Very insightful!&#160; Yes, normally.&#160; But years ago China and Russia stopped buying them.&#160; So lately the federal government has been buying lots of them.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600123 -->&#160;Now I'm even more confused.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600124 -->&#160;The government buying its own money?&#160; That makes no sense.&#160; It would be like a plush toy dinosaur business buying its own dinos to give the appearance of extra customers and income.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600125 -->&#160;That's partly why the deficit is so huge.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600126 -->&#160;Oh, so the U.S. government has increased its debt to compensate for rough times economically?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600127 -->&#160;Wait a moment.&#160; Our economy's like a stack of wood blocks in a teetering tower that's ready to fall?&#160; Except this kind of falling will kill and maim instead of just shame?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600128 -->&#160;All nations and all big businesses are in debt.&#160; So are farmers.&#160; They all have to borrow first before they can grow crops or manufacture or whatever to get income.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600129 -->&#160;So being in debt isn't a big deal.&#160; But a growing debt, that's disastrous, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600130 -->&#160;Relatively speaking, yes.&#160; But as long as the government is keeping its citizens happy, and happier than in other nations, problems can be hidden behind curtains of distraction.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600131 -->&#160;The number of people trying to immigrate into the U.S. is still high.&#160; So that suggests success.&#160; Yet things are a mess.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600132 -->&#160;So what should be going on instead?&#160; Besides traveling in flying cars.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600133 -->&#160;An important way to increase prosperity is to increase efficiency.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600134 -->&#160;How come prosperity increases efficiency?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600135 -->&#160;Your time machine is running backwards.&#160; Efficiency increases prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600136 -->&#160;I need an example.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600137 -->&#160;Consider ancient Rome.&#160; They built aqueducts to channel water into the city.&#160; As a result, Romans wasted less time being sick because they washed their hands in clean water they didn't have to waste time carrying.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600138 -->&#160;Also they built better roads.&#160; Then they wasted less money at Nero's Flaming Cartwheel stores.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600139 -->&#160;And soldiers patrolled the better roads, so there was less highway robbery.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600140 -->&#160;By bad Samaritans.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600141 -->&#160;Less time and money wasted.&#160; Less robbery.&#160; Slower highways.&#160; Got it.&#160; That means there's more time for construction and consumption, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600142 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; Another important ingredient is to have less fighting.&#160; Not only less physical fighting, but fewer business disputes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0600143 -->&#160;Ah, fighting wastes resources, money, and time.&#160; Not just lives.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640000 -->&#160;Since efficiency is so important, economists measure it, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640001 -->&#160;They think they do.&#160; They have something called the productivity index.&#160; But it's flawed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640002 -->&#160;I applaud your memory of basic economics.&#160; Yes, productivity is similar to efficiency.&#160; Yet the productivity index increases when a house burns down and then inexpensively gets rebuilt.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640003 -->&#160;Of course it would be even more efficient if the house never burned down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640004 -->&#160;Measuring non-destruction, alas that's not a sexy topic that attracts economists' attention.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640005 -->&#160;And that index fails to account for the benefits of unpaid volunteers working in public libraries.&#160; And the delayed benefits of better public education.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640006 -->&#160;An often overlooked form of fighting is the conflict between businesses.&#160; Each time a marketplace vendor cheats a customer, a different vendor loses a sale, or part of a sale, to that same customer.&#160; Ancient Romans reduced that cheating using innovations such as coins, standard weights, marketplace inspectors, and soldiers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640007 -->&#160;So if efficiency is what made the Roman empire great, why did it decline?&#160; In just a sentence or two.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640008 -->&#160;If all the books on this subject fell on you, you would get buried in an avalanche ten feet high.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640009 -->&#160;I'll try to oversimplify.&#160; Over time, new kinds of corruption grew.&#160; They ran out of distant places to conquer and plunder and tax.&#160; And those better roads led to pandemics.&#160; That's basically the kids' book version of the Roman empire.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640010 -->&#160;So what's the economic opposite of corruption?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640011 -->&#160;This is going to take awhile.&#160; What I'm wearing will go out of style.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640012 -->&#160;There are multiple opposites because there are multiple kinds of corruption.&#160; Yet in a sense the opposite is the free market.&#160; You know what that is, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640013 -->&#160;I know it's not a store with signs saying everything is free.&#160; But I can't define it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640014 -->&#160;An ideal free market happens when people are free to choose what to buy, what to sell, how much to charge, and whatever else, without fighting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640015 -->&#160;I'd fight for that!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640016 -->&#160;A fully free market is flexible and very efficient.&#160; And, it's impossible.&#160; Yet we can get much closer than where we are now.&#160; But we need to remove corrupt artificial boundaries that channel money into specific pockets.&#160; Centuries ago those kinds of corruption included nepotism, bribery, racketeering, guilds, secret societies, fraternal organizations, monopolistic tariffs, black markets, basing the economy on trading favors, and murdering political enemies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640017 -->&#160;What's nepo...&#160; whatever.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640018 -->&#160;Nepotism is hiring family members.&#160; And friends.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640019 -->&#160;So looking at Facebook friends as job candidates isn't allowed.&#160; I'm glad of that.&#160; But is there really less beer drinking in frat houses compared to the past?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640020 -->&#160;Not that kind of fraternal organization.&#160; I'll explain that later.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640021 -->&#160;Also explain later about trading favors.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640022 -->&#160;That part I don't recognize myself.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640023 -->&#160;Trading favors is what they do in places like Russia.&#160; Where the rule of law often doesn't rule.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640024 -->&#160;Oh yeah.&#160; That's why Donald Trump hides his taxes.&#160; They would reveal his big debt to Russian oligarchs, arranged as a favor by Vladimir Putin.&#160; Trump began to return the favor on his first day in the White House, by blocking Congressional aid to Ukraine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640025 -->&#160;That explains what's been putting a big smile on Putin, after he meets with Trump.&#160; Thank goodness, outside the White House, and Congress, the rule of law mostly still works here.&#160; Even in New Jersey.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640026 -->&#160;On weekdays.&#160; In daylight.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640027 -->&#160;Well, I think I'm getting the general idea.&#160; Efficiency and stealing from foreigners, or selling to foreigners, is what brings money into a region.&#160; And corruption causes economic decline.&#160; Because of reduced efficiency.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640028 -->&#160;That's a bit fuzzy but ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640029 -->&#160;My butt's fuzzy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640030 -->&#160;If you say so.&#160; I can see it's firm.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640031 -->&#160;A similar kind of rise and fall pattern happened later with the Italian Renaissance.&#160; It started with efficient banking between cities.&#160; That put yet more highway robbers out of business.&#160; And it financed improved ships with better navigation.&#160; Using technology from China.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640032 -->&#160;The compass, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640033 -->&#160;And the ship's rudder.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640034 -->&#160;Of course gunpowder.&#160; And did that better banking use the digits zero through nine that came from the Chinese abacus?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640035 -->&#160;You're astute!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640036 -->&#160;No my ass didn't toot!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640037 -->&#160;Astute.&#160; It means your brain just did the equivalent of a gymnastics triple twist vault with a perfect landing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640038 -->&#160;Oh thanks!&#160; So what kind of corruption ended the Italian Renaissance?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640039 -->&#160;At that time European churches heavily taxed their church members.&#160; And they sold lots of documents of forgiveness for sins.&#160; That wealth flowed to the Pope in the Vatican City, which is inside Rome.&#160; Those taxes and fees were so corrupt and oppressive that Martin Luther and others initiated what became the Protestant revolution.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640040 -->&#160;So the Protestant religions ended the Italian Renaissance?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640041 -->&#160;That was just part of Italy's decline.&#160; Oppression and corruption and church taxes throughout Europe motivated lots of Europeans to move to America.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640042 -->&#160;I didn't realize that freedom of religion is really about tax evasion.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640043 -->&#160;The later amazing economic success of the United States made Europeans jealous.&#160; Slowly they began to copy the efficient cooperation that works so well in the United States.&#160; European Protestants and Catholics mostly stopped fighting over religious supremacy.&#160; The French, Italians, and Germans stopped fighting over language supremacy.&#160; Especially when they saw the English language was winning that fight.&#160; And eventually European nations joined together to form the European Union.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640044 -->&#160;I think I'm seeing the big picture.&#160; Higher levels of democracy yield less corruption, which causes less waste, which increases efficiency, which increases productivity, which yields much better economic prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640045 -->&#160;That's it!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640046 -->&#160;Wait a minute.&#160; You said warfare undermines the economy.&#160; Yet political hawks, who are mostly conservatives, promote warfare as a way to increase prosperity.&#160; And competition between nations, and between businesses, is the basis of prosperity in a free market, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640047 -->&#160;I'm lost.&#160; I feel like I'm in a maze and someone turned off the lights.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640048 -->&#160;Competition between businesses provides motivation to work hard.&#160; But what gets overlooked is the teamwork among employees within each business.&#160; That cooperation yields efficiency.&#160; The same kind of cooperation happens among citizens within the same nation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640049 -->&#160;Hmm.&#160; So teamwork is more than touchy-feely games?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640050 -->&#160;Ah, employees getting along, who wouldn't normally get along.&#160; Like employees ignoring racial differences, religious differences, and gender differences.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640051 -->&#160;Oh, and Republicans and Democrats ignoring their differences while at work.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640052 -->&#160;So fighting between groups of people inspires, motivates, cooperation within each group?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640053 -->&#160;That's not a bad simplification.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640054 -->&#160;Now I see.&#160; The lights are coming back on.&#160; Unfortunately I also see a lack of worldwide cooperation about atmospheric pollution.&#160; That shortsightedness and selfishness is toasting our planet.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640055 -->&#160;In the past, high levels of cooperation came from churches and religions.&#160; However that cooperation happens locally.&#160; Such as churches in a city raising money to feed the needy.&#160; And on Sunday singing harmoniously together in church.&#160; However all the churches in a city are powerless to improve the weather and climate of that city.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640056 -->&#160;Religions can be good?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640057 -->&#160;Ancient priests in Egypt earned their grain and beer by predicting when the Nile River would flood.&#160; Then those priests used mathematics and surveying to lay out that year's farming boundaries.&#160; And those priests predicted eclipses so their boss, the pharaoh, could schedule a festival and ceremony that proved beyond a shadow of doubt their pharaoh was related to the sun god.&#160; All of that was like magic to people who didn't understand astronomy, weather, geometry, and fractions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640058 -->&#160;And selfies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640059 -->&#160;Selfies?&#160; Your time machine just crashed.&#160; They didn't have selfie technology.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640060 -->&#160;The pharaoh hired sculptors to carve giant statues of himself.&#160; That too was magical technology for those times.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640061 -->&#160;Leaping ahead in time, that's why Galileo was a threat to the Catholic Church.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640062 -->&#160;He used his telescope to draw charts of the sins happening in the Vatican?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640063 -->&#160;He showed that science was better than priests at those brainy skills.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640064 -->&#160;By then, priests had lost lots of their credibility during the European black death.&#160; That's because they failed to cure the sick with holy water.&#160; And priests lost their lives by praying at the bedside of the dying.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640065 -->&#160;Those priests flunked their medical-school final exam.&#160; Got it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640066 -->&#160;Lots of what was once done by religion has split into medicine, engineering, science, public education, and government.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640067 -->&#160;And the Hallmark TV channel.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640068 -->&#160;Desha, later you can tell me how television waves are interfering with your brain waves.&#160; For now, what I'm seeing is that if we, the majority of voters, can elect leaders who care, those leaders will reduce corruption.&#160; Of all kinds.&#160; Including religious corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640069 -->&#160;What else will change?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640070 -->&#160;Many new business opportunities will arrive because of overdue innovations.&#160; That's after Congress and state legislatures become free to add some innovative business tax breaks.&#160; That renaissance will be like baking additional savory pies.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640071 -->&#160;Since innovations are good, does this mean we need more innovative politicians like Bernie Sanders?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640072 -->&#160;Whoa!&#160; Innovation isn't about just doing things differently.&#160; Bernie Sanders is different from mainstream politicians because he points to economic suffering of young people like you two.&#160; Mainstream politicians, on both left and right, try to hide, not advertise, that suffering because it makes the mainstream parties look bad.&#160; But Sanders promotes socialism, which is not innovation.&#160; And socialism isn't a solution because it yields corruption that's worse than the corruption under capitalism.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640073 -->&#160;Isn't the cooperation of socialism better than the competition of capitalism?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640074 -->&#160;No.&#160; Remember that cooperation is the very foundation of capitalism.&#160; Capitalism is based on buyers and sellers cooperating based on supply and demand.&#160; What you dislike is the addition of corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640075 -->&#160;Ah, in my fight against corruption, I've been overlooking cooperation.&#160; Within businesses.&#160; And within nations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640076 -->&#160;Socialism attempts to control markets from the top down using quotas, price controls, tariffs, legal monopolies, property seizures, and other law-based transfers of money and resources.&#160; Typically those rules and constraints lead to economic suffering and complaints.&#160; Those who suffer adopt workarounds.&#160; Such as gangs, black markets, drug cartels, organized crime, trading favors, nepotism, and military coups.&#160; Those top-down manipulations and those workarounds are the exact opposites of a free market.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640077 -->&#160;So a free and efficient market's like letting water find its own way to the ocean?&#160; And socialism is like trying to redirect the Mississippi River to flow through Texas instead of Louisiana?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640078 -->&#160;That's a useful metaphor.&#160; Lots of socialists and communists start out with good intentions.&#160; But inevitably their goals get corrupted by the greedy and selfish.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640079 -->&#160;So capitalism is sometimes bad, but it doesn't have to be bad.&#160; Everything ends with corruption if citizens lose control of government.&#160; And improving democracy is our best hope for a fair and prosperous economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640080 -->&#160;Excellent, yes!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640081 -->&#160;I'm curious.&#160; What are the innovations related to baking those additional savory pies?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0640082 -->&#160;I wanna know too!</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670000 -->&#160;First, do you see that voting, and laws, and taxes, and jail time, are all forms of communication?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670001 -->&#160;As voters, we try to express our desire to drain DC's swampy corruption.&#160; But with plurality voting, politicians are deaf.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670002 -->&#160;Except to the ka-ching sound of campaign contributions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670003 -->&#160;As for taxes, the IRS uses tax breaks to tell us to get married and raise kids.&#160; Or buy a farm.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670004 -->&#160;And Wall Street employees never going to jail tells wannabe thieves to work on Wall Street.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670005 -->&#160;That's the general idea.&#160; Now consider that already a city government, or state government, gives a tax break to a big new factory that moves to, or stays in, their city or state.&#160; However, usually, small non-factory businesses don't get those special tax breaks.&#160; Not even if they make something valuable and sell it to customers around the world.&#160; Yet if those small businesses got a good tax break, that would motivate more of those kinds of businesses to grow and be created.&#160; The result would be more money coming into that city or state.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670006 -->&#160;Why don't cities and states give those tax breaks?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670007 -->&#160;Under our current election system, lobbyists and big campaign contributors would insist on giving those tax breaks to the opposite kind of business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670008 -->&#160;What's the opposite?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670009 -->&#160;Let's call the two extreme kinds of businesses <i>maker</i> businesses and <i>taker</i> businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670010 -->&#160;I presume people like me who make things work for maker businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670011 -->&#160;And the taker businesses include law firms, credit card companies, and timber harvesters.&#160; Right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670012 -->&#160;Yes.&#160; The map that goes from makers to takers starts with farming and ranching.&#160; They already get tax breaks, regardless of size.&#160; The other main <i>maker</i> businesses include manufacturing, construction, engineering, inventing, software developing, cooking, and entertaining.&#160; Only some of them get tax breaks.&#160; There are lots of intermediate categories such as teaching, healthcare, maintenance, transportation, retail, hospitality, and marketing.&#160; At the full <i>taker</i> end there's banking, insurance, legal services, real estate developers, logging, mining, casinos, alcohol businesses, and the tobacco industry.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670013 -->&#160;I love it!&#160; Especially because sleazy real estate developers would be at the bottom paying the highest tax rates.&#160; Now it's finally so much clearer who I should fight!&#160; And how I can fight!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670014 -->&#160;I like it!&#160; It would benefit the business I want to create.&#160; And the one I work in.&#160; Would it also benefit my friend who wants to start a restaurant?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670015 -->&#160;Single-location restaurants would get the tax break.&#160; They make something that attracts money from customers outside the area.&#160; In contrast, chain restaurants extract money from the local economy and send it to their headquarters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670016 -->&#160;And lots of chain food places don't do real cooking.&#160; Their idea of food prep is dispensing and heating.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670017 -->&#160;Currently taker businesses pay lower taxes.&#160; Because they bribe politicians to get tax breaks and subsidies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670018 -->&#160;Hey!&#160; The economy's like a bat taking a nap.&#160; It's upside down!&#160; We're taxing the fruitful makers more than the vulture takers!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670019 -->&#160;Alas, yes, in some ways the economic world is upside down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670020 -->&#160;It's certainly upside down for me since I'm not an especially smart guy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670021 -->&#160;Does this guy really not know how smart he is?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670022 -->&#160;He hasn't done much reading so he's not book smart.&#160; But he's very smart in common sense.&#160; Which is all too uncommon, alas.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670023 -->&#160;If I'm so smart, why did I flunk out of community college?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670024 -->&#160;Because you've got a visual disability that schools don't test for.&#160; That makes schools stupid.&#160; Not you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670025 -->&#160;My world is so upside down.&#160; In so many ways.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670026 -->&#160;Let's fix that.&#160; What's still confusing?</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670027 -->&#160;Why does my salary hardly rise from working hard?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670028 -->&#160;Wages are determined by supply and demand, which is partly measured by the unemployment rate.&#160; Yet the unemployment rate in the news just counts people who are now getting unemployment benefits.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670029 -->&#160;Those benefits run out after a few months of having no job.&#160; I've learned that from experience.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670030 -->&#160;Why doesn't the government measure the actual unemployment rate?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670031 -->&#160;They do.&#160; But news sources don't report it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670032 -->&#160;Ah, the government is being sneaky.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670033 -->&#160;Both governments and news sources know if they call attention to the higher actual unemployment rate, consumers will have less optimism.&#160; Then those consumers will spend less money.&#160; That reduces income for businesses.&#160; Which leads to lower salaries and fewer jobs.&#160; And fewer advertisements.&#160; Which increases the number of employees with less spending money.&#160; Which further fuels this powerful feedback loop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670034 -->&#160;It becomes a category five hurricane!&#160; Ripping through our economy.&#160; It's so depressing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670035 -->&#160;This loop between optimism and consumption.&#160; Is it like your pupper super poop scooper loop?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670036 -->&#160;That poop loop is different.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670037 -->&#160;Economic feedback loops are based on <i>self-interest</i>.&#160; Where everyone selfishly competes for limited valuable resources.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670038 -->&#160;Even I know dog poop isn't valuable.&#160; Or limited.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670039 -->&#160;In a dog owner feedback loop, the selfish choice would be to not pick up any dog poop.&#160; A dog doesn't get sick from nosing its own doo doo.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670040 -->&#160;Hey!&#160; Wait a moment.&#160; I think feedback loops are what rich business owners exploit to get oversized slices of economic pie!&#160; The meat kind.&#160; They use lawyers.&#160; They control news sources.&#160; They control politicians by exploiting our primitive election system.&#160; They don't give a damn about other people suffering.&#160; This feedback loop gives them bigger and bigger slices of savory pie!&#160; No wonder I'm hungry.&#160; Economically.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670041 -->&#160;Alas, you're right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670042 -->&#160;This talk of selfishness and economic depression is depressing.&#160; And discouraging.&#160; I need some optimism!&#160; Is there even any hope the big problems we face can be solved?&#160; Like global climate change?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670043 -->&#160;Back when horses pulled wagons and carts, big cities faced a big environmental dilemma.&#160; They predicted that soon cities would be knee high in horse shit.&#160; Yet that didn't happen.&#160; Not one bit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670044 -->&#160;They failed to predict automobiles would take over.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670045 -->&#160;So our current climate crisis is like being ankle-deep in horse shit?&#160; Except it's invisible?&#160; This is optimistic?&#160; I was hoping to see a future so bright I'll need to wear sunglasses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670046 -->&#160;Of course solar energy technology will improve dramatically.&#160; Yet also the severity of the climate crisis can be reduced with fully synthetic hydrocarbon fuel, thorium nuclear reactors, and replacing inefficient transportation habits with improved kinds of communication.&#160; Shall I send you links about those?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670047 -->&#160;Please!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670048 -->&#160;And I'll include a link to an innovative movie and video game rating that could reduce crime.&#160; The added rating would indicate how many years a person would spend in prison if they did everything shown on the screen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670049 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Chuckles]</span>&#160; I love it!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670050 -->&#160;<span class="explain">[Chuckles]</span>&#160; Wow!&#160; All of this makes my gutter cleaning tool seem smaller than a bikini on a beach in Rio.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670051 -->&#160;How do you know about these things?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670052 -->&#160;I've seen some movies about ...&#160; oh.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670053 -->&#160;I read.&#160; It's a form of time travel.&#160; Especially history.&#160; That helps me understand cause and effect.&#160; And feedback loops.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670054 -->&#160;I read too, but this is all news to me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670055 -->&#160;Subreddits can be quite inspiring.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670056 -->&#160;Reading while submerged in a bathtub?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670057 -->&#160;Subreddits are topic-specific discussions on Reddit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670058 -->&#160;Is there anything there about bigger perks for employees?&#160; Something better than llama therapy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670059 -->&#160;Wages for lower-wage employees will rise significantly when businesses are given a well-designed tax break.&#160; It will be linked to the company's wage gap.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670060 -->&#160;Wow!&#160; A wage lift?&#160; How would that work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670061 -->&#160;Some kinds of businesses will get a big extra tax credit if their salary gap between managers and workers is lower than most other businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670062 -->&#160;That would give those workers more money.&#160; Which they would spend as consumers of other businesses.&#160; Then that money flows to the employees of those other businesses.&#160; That would improve the economy of the whole region.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670063 -->&#160;Of course that wage-gap tax break has no chance of getting passed until state legislators are elected using a well-designed election system.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670064 -->&#160;That's the kind of bright future I'd like to see!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670065 -->&#160;Is there a way to measure that wage gap?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670066 -->&#160;Sure, just average the salaries below the median, and the salaries above the median, subtract them, and divide by the minimum wage.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670067 -->&#160;Median?&#160; Isn't that the barrier in a road?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670068 -->&#160;It's also a math word.&#160; Here it means the half-way salary.&#160; So he's saying to split the employees into two groups of equal size.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0670069 -->&#160;A small number for the wage-gap index means managers and executives are sharing more of the profits with their employees who get the lower salaries.&#160; So those businesses get rewarded with a bigger tax break.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690000 -->&#160;Brilliant!&#160; Desha you can put on those sunglasses now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690001 -->&#160;Almost.&#160; The wage gap between women and men also must be crushed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690002 -->&#160;This wage-gap calculation also covers most of that gender gap.&#160; Remember, a higher percentage of women choose to become dental hygienists rather than dentists.&#160; And become performers on Broadway rather than traders on Wall Street.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690003 -->&#160;And public school teachers rather than greedy real estate developers.&#160; Yes, this fits.&#160; Finally women will get a long overdue pay lift!&#160; I'm seeing a bright future now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690004 -->&#160;Finally!&#160; A wage raise for folks like me!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690005 -->&#160;If you want to learn yet more advantages of this wage-gap tax break, I can send you a link.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690006 -->&#160;Please do!&#160; What other innovations are blocked?&#160; And needing a revolution!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690007 -->&#160;An overdue innovation is a dishwasher-sized kitchen appliance that will do food prep using robotics controlled by artificial intelligence and remote workers in distant countries.&#160; It will peel and chop potatoes and onions and such.&#160; In addition to washing dishes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690008 -->&#160;Wow!&#160; I'd rather have that kitchen prep machine than a self-driving car.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690009 -->&#160;Me too!&#160; And if the AI makes a mistake, nobody dies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690010 -->&#160;Unfortunately that's blocked because of our dysfunctional patent system.&#160; Some kind of open patent system will help. That could exist alongside our current monopoly patent system.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690011 -->&#160;I would love to get hired to help invent that machine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690012 -->&#160;I suppose those future solutions are blocked by feedback loops?&#160; Bad ones.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690013 -->&#160;Indeed.&#160; I suggest you look for a way to drill a hole through the dam that holds back the flood of fairness and economic prosperity that civilization is waiting for.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690014 -->&#160;It seems like feedback loops are bad, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690015 -->&#160;Most feedback loops, the economic kind, are good for some people and bad for others.&#160; Or the loop can be both good and bad for the same person.&#160; Like when Henry Ford paid his workers higher than usual salaries.&#160; That increased his labor costs.&#160; Yet also it increased his profits because more of his employees bought Ford cars.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690016 -->&#160;I'm realizing that when business owners defend their jumbo-sized slices of savory pie, they fail to recognize the people they fight against include their customers.&#160; And potential customers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690017 -->&#160;Wow, I have a lot yet to learn about feedback loops.&#160; I wish there were tutorial videos about the games of elections and economics.&#160; Like there are for computer games.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690018 -->&#160;That reminds me.&#160; You're an expert in something called <i>game theory</i>.&#160; But we haven't yet gotten to that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690019 -->&#160;For your needs the most important part of game theory is better vote counting.&#160; Professor Mata said you already learned those basics.&#160; Everything we discussed today is about playing games in politics and government and business.&#160; I taught you some important concepts.&#160; But I avoided teaching you the terminology.&#160; That's messier than your dog poop loop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690020 -->&#160;Wow!&#160; You're a super duper wise guru.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690021 -->&#160;Your insights are amazing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690022 -->&#160;But my head is full!&#160; Yet now, hopefully, I can better figure out how to earn money as an entrepreneur.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690023 -->&#160;To do that you need to understand that entrepreneurs need to team up with the right people.&#160; Think of it like the end credits of a movie.&#160; The best movies have lots and lots of names in the credits.&#160; You need to understand which role fits your skills.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690024 -->&#160;I want to be an inventor.&#160; And I know I need to find a financial backer.&#160; To pay the cost of getting a patent.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690025 -->&#160;It takes lots of money to protect a patent.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690026 -->&#160;I thought getting a patent was the hard part.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690027 -->&#160;That's just a start.&#160; If it's a valuable idea then other businesses will infringe on your patent.&#160; So you have to take them to court to protect your monopoly.&#160; And patent laws favor big corporations.&#160; And China mostly ignores patents.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690028 -->&#160;That sucks.&#160; Is there a way to ..., I don't know, to win in the business world?&#160; For someone like me?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690029 -->&#160;The open patent I mentioned will help.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690030 -->&#160;How will that work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690031 -->&#160;After the open patent system is adopted, you'll register your idea with the patent office for a fee that's reasonable.&#160; And without having to hire a patent attorney.&#160; You will get a patent number.&#160; The government will collect and keep the licensing fees from companies that make and sell what you invented.&#160; You will put your patent number on your r&#233;sum&#233;.&#160; Then corporations will compete to hire you to invent yet more.&#160; Then your employer will pay the very high costs of getting and protecting monopoly patents that cover your newer inventions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690032 -->&#160;It sounds like graduate school for inventors.&#160; First you work for almost free.&#160; Then you get hired at a big salary!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690033 -->&#160;That path doesn't yet exist.&#160; So what should I do?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690034 -->&#160;Currently corporations don't know how to hire, or even recognize, creative geniuses.&#160; Not until after they have been the co-founder of a wildly successful start up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690035 -->&#160;That's a very tall wall to climb.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690036 -->&#160;Yes, alas.&#160; Hopefully, eventually, that inefficiency will get solved.&#160; Perhaps with the open patent.&#160; Then the economy will transform from a roller coaster ride into a rocket ship blasting into outer space.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690037 -->&#160;So solutions are waiting for when there's less stupidity in politics, business, management, and the patent system.&#160; That's a zit-sized light at the end of a marathon-long tunnel.&#160; Is there any hope?&#160; For a fairer economy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690038 -->&#160;Look at history.&#160; Civilization has increased efficiency so much that us average folks don't waste big parts of our day hauling water, gathering firewood, tending horses, and pounding underwear against rocks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690039 -->&#160;Now we waste too much time typing messages and driving cars.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690040 -->&#160;And doing auto repairs after someone impatiently tries to do both simultaneously.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690041 -->&#160;And we waste time scrolling past online ads.&#160; Like the ones for tee shirts that say <i>five out of four people struggle with math</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690042 -->&#160;Those time wasters and other inefficiencies in the economy will increasingly disappear.&#160; After we adopt better-designed vote-counting systems for Congress and state legislatures.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690043 -->&#160;I'm discouraged by the setbacks.&#160; The ones going on now in politics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690044 -->&#160;In the past there have been huge setbacks too.&#160; Much bigger ones.&#160; The ancient Greeks two thousand years ago made clock-like computers that predicted eclipses.&#160; One of those was found in a shipwreck off the island of Antikythera.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690045 -->&#160;Who was the creative genius behind that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690046 -->&#160;Probably either Posidonius or Hipparchus was involved.&#160; Sadly, warfare killed their knowledge.&#160; Those kinds of mechanisms weren't developed again until the Islamic Golden Age.&#160; In a similar way, the footsteps on the moon might remain unmatched for decades.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690047 -->&#160;That's so sad.&#160; Damien, I'll explain the Islamic Golden Age to you later.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690048 -->&#160;Yet when times get rough, more people say <i>We've had enough!</i>&#160; Then they work together to make things better.&#160; That's where you two are.</p>

<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690049 -->&#160;Is there time?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690050 -->&#160;Do you see any bright clouds of hope in your crystal ball?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690051 -->&#160;Yes, even though World War Three started years ago in cyberspace, and in the news.&#160; Your fight is definitely winnable.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690052 -->&#160;How do you know?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690053 -->&#160;The number of citizens who want to prevent and overturn dictatorships vastly outnumber the few dictators and wannabe dictators and their cult-like minions.&#160; Also you aren't fighting with physical weapons that injure and kill, which was what early North American colonists had to fight with.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690054 -->&#160;What's today's version of dumping tea into a harbor?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690055 -->&#160;My crystal ball isn't that clear.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690056 -->&#160;Well, now we know we need to fight against some bad feedback loops.&#160; The ones that say we should jump for joy when a house burns down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690057 -->&#160;I see light ahead.&#160; Both for civilization, and for me, professionally.&#160; But now my head is so full it feels ready to become a fireworks display.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690058 -->&#160;Professor Penga we're so grateful you've given us so much wisdom.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690059 -->&#160;You've taught us so many secrets that lie beneath puzzling mysteries.&#160; I believe I'll remember most of it for a very long time.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690060 -->&#160;It's a joy to really get to teach what's important!&#160; I wish more people were anxious to learn like you two are.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690061 -->&#160;So how can we repay you?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690062 -->&#160;Make the world a better place for my future grandchildren.&#160; And help spread it around the world where suffering is even worse.&#160; That will help the future grandchildren of my cousins who live in India.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690063 -->&#160;We'll start a revolution!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690064 -->&#160;We don't want anybody to lose their head.&#160; So let's fight with words and math instead.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690065 -->&#160;Ah yes!&#160; Let's call it a renaissance.&#160; The Italian Renaissance was powered by the digit zero.&#160; This one will be powered by pairwise vote counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690066 -->&#160;That's a wise distinction.&#160; In a revolution, wealthy people fear losing what they've already acquired.&#160; In a renaissance, the few who lose only lose future income.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690067 -->&#160;We'll fight <i>with</i> fairness <i>for</i> fairness.&#160; Let's turn the worlds of politics and economics and business right-side up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist singer_abbrev">P<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690068 -->&#160;Good luck!&#160; You'll need it.&#160; And remember you didn't learn any of this from me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690069 -->&#160;We know how this works.&#160; We promise we won't drop any rocks on the thin ice where you're standing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien singer_abbrev">D<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690070 -->&#160;Thanks for the master class in restoring the middle class.&#160; And Desha, let's talk this stuff over on the ride back home.&#160; So it remains inside our brains.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha singer_abbrev">De<span class="singer_colon">:</span></span><!-- 0690071 -->&#160;That plus more espresso should keep us sleepless.&#160; And what else would we want to discuss?</p>

</body>
</html>

