<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Fight!</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Scene 7, Fight!</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J (Jordon):</span>&#160;Father, I've given lots of money to your worthy church. I've asked you here because now I search for a way to buy the delay of death. Please give me a reprieve on my last breath.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W (Whit):</span>&#160;The spiritual world soars above the physical world that your body is a part of. It's a pyramid. So the peak must rest on a solid foundation that cannot be weak. In other words, the golden rule of doing good deeds must rest on a foundation of not doing bad deeds.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;No more <i>Go Fudge Yourself</i> ice cream? That's what you're sayin'? I promise I'll do better. So please do some prayin'!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;It's not just what I say and what your brain thinks. It's what you do. It's your actions, your behaviors, that's what God listens to.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;This heart attack has me scared. I fear death 'cause I'm not prepared.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;To cast out fear, fill your heart with love. That's what your heart needs lots more of.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I have no kids and no real friends. I do love Benjamins, but that's where it ends. My money brings pleasure, and envy from others, and attracts gold diggers but not real lovers. Who can I love? How does that feel? Is there time to love? Can it really heal?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;To love, first you must let go of darkness. Start with understanding that money is not evil. It's greed that is evil.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Is it greedy to want to have it all?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;We are human, so all of us want it all. But there's not enough time or energy to acquire it all.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;But there are shortcuts.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Most shortcuts increase suffering for others. That blocks you from rising spiritually, far above criminals and lawyers, I mean sinners. That's why the Bible says it's easier for a camel to fit through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to become a loving saint on earth. In other words, those shortcuts branch off the path that leads to the deepest kinds of love.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I do want to be loved. Yet I'm not yet tired of being admired.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Which has a higher priority?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;It's all important.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;For something to be important, everything else must be less important.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;It's now important that I live. I now believe religion can give me more than what I had before my heart attack.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Do you embrace religion to do good deeds? Or just to feel less guilt for doing deeds that God would frown on?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I'm a bit lost. I'm in a fog. Don't I need to always fight to protect myself against the wicked evil in other people?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;People are not inherently wicked. Wickedness fills books and movies. But that's fiction. Reality TV and kid's soccer games have to artificially inject scarcity because otherwise participants cooperate. And that's as boring as watching a homeless person snoring.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;What about the news?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;News sources make their money by selling your eyeballs and ears to advertisers. They attract our attention with stories that put a magnifying glass on the acts of audacious criminals, slimy politicians, and other morons.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;What about the Holocaust?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;During a time of nationwide starvation, and massive economic suffering, plus mass stupidity, the Nazi government gave permission to steal gold and cash and valuables from Jews. And consider that part of the reason Jews had become wealthy is that early Christians were taught they should not charge interest when lending dough. So they asked Jews living in ghettos to do the lending. That's why later it was so profitable for Germans to steal from Jews.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Surely there's no excuse for the evil in Nazi soldiers. And terrorists in the Middle East.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Soldiers and terrorists fight out of friendship for their comrades, not mainly for an ideology.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;What if the ideology is money?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Yes, an opportunity to gain money or wealth can easily lead to evil deeds. Like when Japanese Americans were put into concentration camps partly as a way to steal the valuable southern California farmland that lots of Japanese Americans owned.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Is there an antidote? To evil?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Yes, talking. To people on the other side.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Talking. I do lots of that, as part of business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Do you ask questions with a desire to understand the other person's point of view?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Why would I do that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Consider what ended apartheid in South Africa. It was secret talks. One of them was between Nelson Mandela, and a clergyman, and the clergyman's twin brother who led a militant group that supported apartheid. Through talking, Mandela and the pro-apartheid leader discovered unexpected common ground.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Does this work in relationships? I admit I have lots to learn there.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Indeed. But don't expect you'll ever know what's in the other person's mind. Yet with practice you will find out that rarely is the other person evil, or stupid. And most of the time there is a path forward that benefits both sides.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;My head is spinning. Without money as a compass I'm lost. And winning. That's the only goal I know.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Ah, yes, winning. Parents use winning prizes to entice kids to learn. But the real goal is the learning. With maturity we leave behind the gold stars, glitzy prizes, and eventually the winning. The skills we've learned remain, long after the trophies are lost. Now the skill you seek is spirituality. So it's time to let go of immaturity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;You're ripping away what's familiar. Can you give me a second compass? One that points up to higher goals? And a flashlight that points down to sharp rocks in my path ready to jab my ass?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Take in a deep breath. ... With each in-breath may we breathe in God's love, as represented by sunlight, and beautiful gardens, and spirited music, and joyful dancing, and especially laughter. ... With each out-breath may we exhale our dark fears, and dark anger, and our selfish desire for the very closest parking spot. Fling that darkness into the sun knowing it will be atomized and converted into light. ... When we let go of darkness we can better focus on beloved family members and friends. Even if dead, they still reside in our awareness.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Ah, the angry voices in my head. I'm happy to give them eviction notices. Sadly, I've got no friends in spite of my great wealth. Women say they want me. But they want unemployment and spending my money on countless shoes, dresses they wear only once, and trips to the mall to buy cosmetics that signal <i>don't touch me</i>. My world is upside down. Got no friends. Who can I trust?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Live in the present. Let go of the past. Not the memories. Just emotions like expired anger, out-of-date sadness, and the regret that you didn't choose the right words when you last saw someone alive. ... Let go of the future. Hold on to wise plans and wise goals. But let go of emotions like excess anxiety, the compulsion to pinch pennies, and the phobia of behaving like <span class="highlight">a four-eyed, five-star dork. <span class="explain">[check_humor]</span></span> They are feelings about our future, which isn't here yet. ... Now, the present, is where joy resides. Appreciate what you've already got. Appreciate wherever you already are. Appreciate whatever you are already doing. Wallow in the joy. And especially welcome it when it enters your life.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G (Grafton):</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Knock on door.]</span> ... Hello my friend! I brought you some beautiful flowers to brighten your spirits.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Ah, Grafton indeed welcome. And thank you for spending the, er, for thinking to bring flowers. ... They are beautiful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;I see you have recruited a minister to be part of your cure.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Allow me to introduce father, er, actually I now realize I don't know your name.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;My name ....</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Everyone calls him father. It's OK if he calls you father?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Of course.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Hello father. And Jordon, I look forward to your recovery so we can resume our latest project.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Let's not talk shop just right now. I need to focus on breathing in the joy of still being alive. Stressful things can come later, if I survive.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;What other protective perspectives can I offer?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;How can God be everywhere? How can I be sure that God even cares about me?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Try thinking of God as being like the principles of mathematics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Elusive? How is that helpful?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;If you live your life as if two plus two equals thirteen then life becomes hell. But if instead you live your life as if two plus two equals four, then life becomes joyful. That's how God is everywhere. Just as the principles of mathematics are everywhere.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I like that outlook. Why have I not heard you say it from your perch, your pulpit in church?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;There are some things we can't preach.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Like what?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;If we speak out with boldness against war, that would impair our tax-exempt status.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;That's right! Churches don't pay property taxes. Maybe I should form a church to get that sweet deal.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;What else can you not say in church?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Many ministers manipulate their flock by transforming guilt into shame. But the best ministers transform guilt into choosing actions that don't lead to new guilt. That shifts the focus from resisting sin, to adopting high standards of ethical behavior. But attendance would suffer even more if we preached at that higher spiritual level.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K (Katerina):</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Door opens and closes.]</span> ... Father! I couldn't wait any longer in the waiting area. There's an awful nasty woman, with wild hair, who was harassing me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Jordon, and father, allow me to introduce my daughter, Katerina.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;It's a pleasure to have your company.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Pleased to meet you. <span class="explain">[Click of keys as Whit types text message.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;This is my friend Jordon.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;It's a pleasure to meet you both. I'm sorry to interrupt. Please resume whatever you were talking about.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Father, why in church do you not talk more about what you've said here? Instead you refer so much to the names and words in the Bible.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Our hands are tied. Especially we can't conflict with politics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Ah, so you can't criticize politicians who lack morality.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;We each do the best we can within our limitations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De (Desha):</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Door opens and closes.]</span> ... Father what did you mean by texting the words <i>Causing trouble again?</i></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;She's the one! She's the nasty, perverse, foul-mouthed bitch who yelled at me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Did you curse?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Quite the reverse. She threw some trash toward the trash can and it missed, but she didn't pick it up. I spoke up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;As I told you then, this hospital has janitors whose job it is to pick up pieces of trash. Speaking of which, maybe I should have tossed you in with the other trash.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;May I request that you give less stress to Jordon while he gets rest after his heart attack?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I apologize for the stress.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Of course I apologize.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I have to admit this is better than Netflix or TV. So it's not bothering me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;In that case I'll say you're a witch for attacking me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I was attacking stupidity. If you're pleading guilty it's a case of double stupidity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Even if Jordon doesn't mind, let's have serenity and sanity shall we?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;I'll text Damien. He can take me home so I won't trouble you further father, or you father, or you Jordon. <span class="explain">[Click of keys as Katerina types text message.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Desha do you remember Jordon?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Yes, I think I do, although it's been a long time.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Indeed. What have you been up to?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I've been working for politicians, and environmental organizations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;I'll bet you're one of those awful protesters who are protesting against my latest development project.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So you're the ... grrr, ... developer behind the deaths of so many wild animals and the cutting of beautiful trees on that Smoldering Ashes property?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;It's called Slumbering Maples. Yes I am.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;If ever there was a time I'd like to swear this is it!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Perhaps this isn't a great time to bring it up, but I have not understood why religion deserves exemption from taxes. Especially since religion seems so, well, antiquated.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Desha has some thoughts on this.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Since before the Roman empire, churches have brought beautiful music to the ears of people who were not rich enough to hire musicians. Now, anyone with a bulge in their pocket can listen to any song at any moment. So churches lost that advantage. First to phonographs, then to radios, and now smartphones.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Alas, competing sources of beautiful music partly accounts for our congregations being small. Fortunately people who love to sing together are still attracted.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And long ago marriage in a church was a way for a young woman to trade sex in exchange for getting her husband to attend church and hear sermons about doing good.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;I must admit my wife has wanted me to attend church with her.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Then governments copied that idea and now marriage is done as a civil ceremony. Plus courts and the IRS force child support and alimony payments from men who abandon their children or their wives.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Yes, marriage ceremonies. That was a big monopoly churches had, then lost.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;And churches used to feed the hungry. Now that's done with food stamps from the government. So that's one more advantage lost?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Yes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Universities and schools were founded alongside churches and mosques. Now, governments fund those too.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;So government is taking over increasing morality?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Only some of it! We still serve a very useful service of reminding folks to act in ways that are fair and benevolent. But religion is about much more than just ending bad behavior. That's just the beginning of the spiritual world.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;A few badly behaving priests in the Catholic Church need to learn from your wisdom.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Alas, with low attendance, there are fewer funds, so churches can't be as picky about choosing ministers. And those of us with the highest ethics don't get paid much more than beginners.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;And the clergy sinners.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Recently I learned about a way that crime can be reduced without churches being involved.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Good golly bonnie lass!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Movies and games can get another rating. The added rating would indicate how many years a person would spend in prison if they did everything shown on the screen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Laughs.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Laughs.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Laughs.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Harrumph! That won't work.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;What won't work is the version in your head. But that's not the version that my words are intended to mean.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D (Damien):</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Door opens and closes.]</span> <span class="explain">[He now uses better, but not perfect, pronunciation.]</span> Hello!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Sweetheart, I need you to give me a ride home because this nasty woman is being obnoxious to me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Hi Desha.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;You know this bitch?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;She's the woman I've told you about.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;You said that woman was like a kid sister to you. But she's looking at you with love in her eyes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Don't be ridiculous. She's got a boyfriend.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I do not.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Then who's the guy named Willie? The guy you said you're with.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Willie is short for Willamina. That's an awful name to get stuck with.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;You said he, er, she, is your partner. So are you, well, lesbians?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;We're both bisexual.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Much much better than Netflix.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;You keep your claws off of him! Damien, you are never to see her again!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Well, ah, I can't promise anything.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;You're engaged to my daughter so I too forbid you to ever see this awful woman again.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;She's helping me to figure out how I can earn more money to make your daughter happy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I thought you were trying to figure out how to reduce corruption in the political world.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They're both the same thing to me. I figured out how corruption works, so now I'm tryin' to figure how to work around it. Then I can start my own business. I'll be the employer, not the employee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;You've told me some of what you've learned, but you haven't yet said who's to blame for corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm the one to blame. It's not politicians, not the big campaign contributors, not the lobbyists 'n other folks who are hired to do political tasks. I'm the one to blame.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;How can you be the one to blame? You haven't done anything.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Exactly. I failed. I failed to subtract forty from one hundred 'n realize the result, sixty, is more than fifty.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;You said math was made by the devil. When he was in a snit. And now you're talking math? This doesn't fit. Not one bit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;My fear of math was blocking me. Now I know that a candidate who gets forty percent support is opposed by sixty percent of voters. That's a majority. That means the majority of voters oppose a candidate who has less than fifty percent support. To get fair election results we need ranked ballots 'n pairwise counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;What does counting smart rabbits have to do with voting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Father it's not <i>wise hare</i> counting. It's pairwise counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Without that change corruption in Congress will continue.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;When a news report says one candidate leads another by say five percent, that's meaningless, unless there are just two candidates on the ballot.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Hello Damien.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh hi Jordon. I didn't recognize you with the tubing mustache. Is this a good time to thank you for helping me figure out how the world of business works?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I was happy to help. Grafton said you deserved some help.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;What did you say to this ungrateful young man?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;As you requested I told him how the world of business works. He had some questions about money in politics that I couldn't answer so I referred him to a politician I know. How did that go?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;He taught me a lot. Then later, he suggested that Desha and I meet and collaborate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;What was his great wisdom? In a nutshell.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;He explained that vote splitting's why money has more influence than votes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Goats do not spit. You fool.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Father, it's not goat spitting, it's vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Whatever! Votes are counted in ways that are fair. So that's got not a thing to do with money in politics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I used to think that too.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;When you donate money to political candidates, sometimes you give to Democrats. Am I right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Never! I always vote Republican. And I never give money to Democrats.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;But mother is a Democrat, and sometimes you give her money to donate to a Democratic candidate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;That's only when my political consultant tells me to.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So when Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Those are vile names to me and my friends. Isn't that right Jordon?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Let him continue. This is interesting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Some political strategists recommended that Republicans give money to Obama during the Democratic primary with the idea that a black man could not possibly win the general election. With that strategy they figured that a Republican would win easily.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;You can't prove any of this. And without proof there's no crime.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The fight between political left and right is an entertaining distraction from the real, bigger fight between political up and political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;You're talking more nonsense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Who is the political up?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Most of us voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;And who is the political down?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The people who give the biggest amounts of money to politicians.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That includes you, Grafton, and you Jordon.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Oh dear lord, my own daughter is undermining my church.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;She's your daughter?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Indeed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Why do you think I call him father?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;We all call him father.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;This explains why I don't hear her use profanity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Father is very strick about that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Since I'm not in your church, what should I call you?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;You can call me Whit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Whit, it's short for Whittier.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Who are you wittier than?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;It's spelled W H I T.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;So in grade school they called you dimwit and half-wit?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;At that age my nickname helped me learn to identify immaturity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Damien, you were saying something about political up and political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Vote splitting's the reason that money still has so much influence in politics. In the early days of the U.S. there were no primary elections. Slowly voters 'n parties learned that whichever party had just one candidate would easily win over parties that had two or more candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So primary elections were added to ensure each party offered just one candidate in what we now call general elections.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;And the point is?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If we used ranked ballots and pairwise counting, then Democrats could have offered both Obama and Clinton as candidates in the two thousand eight presidential election.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Ah, so the tactic of using Obama to block Clinton wouldn't have been an option.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And wealthy folks like yourselves would not have been able to stop Clinton from winning.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;This is all nonsense!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;It's making sense to me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Who's side are you on?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I am now on the side of God. My heart attack has woken me up to what's really important in life. And at the moment I want the truth to come out. If there are hidden parts of politics that get revealed here we can judge it at that time.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;I suppose you're going to claim that Donald Trump won in twenty sixteen because of money. Well he didn't. I didn't give him even a dollar.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But you do give to the Republican party, and they paid to promote Trump after he won the primary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If the twenty sixteen Republican primary election had used ranked ballots and pairwise counting, the winner would have been the most popular candidate, and that was not Donald Trump.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;There were sixteen other candidates in that race. That split the votes of the majority of Republicans. They wanted someone other than Trump.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;All Trump and his promoters, including Russian hackers, needed was to win more votes than any one of the other sixteen candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;None of whom were very popular.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Until the other candidates dropped out, Trump was getting less than half the votes. And that's just Republicans. He would have lost under a fairer election.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Who would have won?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;We don't know because even the sample polls don't ask voters for more than their favorite.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;But Trump won the general election, so that proves he was more popular than Hillary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;But with ranked ballots and pairwise counting there would have been at least one more Republican and at least one more Democrat to win against.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Plus Bernie Sanders running as an independent.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Trump could not have won such a five-way race.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;So you're saying that if we used ranked ballots and pairwise counting then voters would have more choices on the ballot?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Even better than more choices, the choices would include wise problem-solving leaders. Now the only choices are special-interest puppets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Under current conditions, wise and ethical leaders don't enter elections because they know they won't get support from party insiders, who have to cater to people like you, with lots of money.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;These so-called wise leaders, would they be liberal or conservative?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Neither.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They would represent the political up, and would oppose the political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;So they're anti-business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They would favor fairness and economic efficiency, er, efficiency in the economy. That would bring prosperity much greater than what we have today.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Prosperity to who?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Widespread prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;That's impossible! In order to have winners there must be losers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's what I used to think. But fighting wastes precious resources. What yields better results for the most people is cooperation, teamwork, and working together against a foe.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;I like this shift.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Did you just curse?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Not everyone can afford to fly to London and Paris. I agree with father that for there to be winners there have to be losers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;You want to fly to London and Paris?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I've told you I enjoy traveling.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I thought you meant by car.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Back to the idea of no losers. Surely some folks would lose out economically if elections were more fair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yes, there are some businesses that exploit <i>unfairness</i> and they would have their profits reduced because of higher taxes. And because of fewer monopolies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Such as?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Did you know we pay lots more for sugar compared to the rest of the world? On the commodity market there's sugar number eleven and sugar number, ... ah, ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Sixteen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The price within the U.S. is the higher price, and the lower price is what the rest of the world pays. The people who exploit that legal monopoly would lose income, although they would keep their current wealth.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;I'll bet that us developers would lose out.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Indeed! Your business taxes would be increased. 'N you deserve that 'cause mostly what you do is buy land, then use sneaky election tactics to control city councils to change the designation of that land to higher-rent uses, and force taxpayers to pay for new infrastructure, then hire workers to build buildings, and then you rent or sell the buildings at inflated prices. And doing all that doesn't require brains, just immorality.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;That's completely legal.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Yes because you control elected city councilors, and state legislators, and congressmen, who write the laws.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;So tell me what I really want to know. Would taxes increase on the businesses I own?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Some would pay lower taxes, and others would pay higher taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;That's not specific.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Businesses that exploit would pay higher taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Businesses that bring benefits would pay lower taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;That's still not specific.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Developers like you would pay higher taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;On what basis?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You do not bring a net gain to the local economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;On the contrary! People from elsewhere would move here.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And that would bring money to you, but would increase traffic, and it would increase infrastructure costs to those of us already here.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Plus your business requires lots of regulation, which is a drain on city management budgets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Tell me which kinds of businesses would get lower taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The ones that bring money into the region from outside the region. That includes businesses that involve software, art, making things, manufacturing, entertainment, non-chain restaurants, and such.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;They get lower taxes? Why?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Because they bring a net flow of money into the city and county.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;You said non-chain restaurants. Why not chain restaurants?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They send lots of their profits to corporate headquarters, which drains money from the city and state where the restaurant's located.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;My business hires lots of workers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But only temporarily. After development the jobs are gone. The kinds of businesses that get lower taxes continue to employ people as long as they stay in business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Ah, I think I'm beginning to see. Raise taxes on activities that drain the economy, and reduce taxes on activities that enrich the economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Exactly!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;So it taxes the sinners and helps the saints?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's a useful way to view it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;I like it! Even though it might offend many of the folks who need religion the most. Like lawyers, bankers, and CFOs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Aliens?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Not UFOs. CFOs. Chief financial officers. Father takes seriously the saying <i>know thine enemy</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Our church welcomes everyone. Yet we do promote good deeds and frown on exploitation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So the different tax rates are like the difference between a r&#233;sum&#233; and a eulogy. A r&#233;sum&#233; values money, a eulogy values benefiting others.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Interesting distinction! What I've accomplished would look fabulous on a r&#233;sum&#233;. But now it's time to consider what might be said in my eulogy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;I don't see the difference. But then religion isn't my thing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Lately, with the worlds of business and government declining in ethics, we the voters need to fight for fairness!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;So is fairness or money more important to you?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Why can't we get both?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Getting to the point, do you want to earn more money so we can afford maybe a few luxuries in life?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I want to build a business that provides something that benefits the customers. My original plan was to manufacture my leaf gutter cleaning tool so that fewer people fall off ladders when cleaning their gutters. Yet lately, other inventions have been popping into my mind. Most are for the kitchen food prep appliance someone told us about.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Your mind is in the gutter. None of that makes sense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Mmm, I'm beginning to see the value of creating that kind of business if it gets taxed less.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And fewer toes would get stepped on.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;As a bachelor, a kitchen food prep machine sounds like maybe a good alternative to getting so much takeout delivered.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That sounds like a good fit. Yet another benefit of taxing takers more than makers is that very smart well-educated people would be less attracted to soul-sucking jobs in banks and law firms.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And real estate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Instead they'd work where they benefit customers, and clients, and the overall economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Well said! And to the teaching profession, which could use the very best role models for students. That's what Willie does. She's a teacher.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;So who's going to believe this nonsense that different ballots and different ways of counting votes is really going to make things better?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;This situation is like when women demanded the right to vote. A few places, like Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, tried it. Then a few western states tried it. The predicted disasters didn't follow, so it was adopted throughout the United States. And don't you think it's made things better?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Sometimes I wonder. We don't seem to be doing that well now that women have taken over.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Without Rosie the riveters working in factories during the war years U.S. soldiers might have lost. And a woman in the White House couldn't possibly be worse than what we've got now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;So Damien, do you agree with her?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;It makes sense to me sir.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;So Katerina, do you still want this guy as your future husband?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;So Damien, do you still want to work hard so we can enjoy a nice lifestyle?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Willin' to work hard, that I'm willin' to do. But how nice of a lifestyle do ya have in mind?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Just a cute three-bedroom house with a fireplace. And of course a big backyard for a dog. But it can be smaller than a Saint Bernard. And a comfortable car for road trips and errands. And sometimes a trip to London or Paris.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I thought our plan was to enjoy time at home eating healthy food, and relaxing on the weekend, plus spending time with friends.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Of course all of that too.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;And of course your mother and I want grandchildren.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If the worlds of politics, and business, and the economy, were not so upside down, then all of that, plus a tiara, would be within our reach. But now we're living during a time of transition. I'm afraid we could enter a new dark age if we stay on the path we're on. Instead I want to help make the world a better place for everyone's grandkids, even if that means I, or we, have to make a few sacrifices.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Oh father, what should I do? This isn't the way I want things to be.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;You are my precious princess so I'll continue to give you money if that's what it takes to keep you happy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;This puts me in an awkward place.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The fact that you have to think about which to choose tells me that it's me who should lose.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;It's clear to me that you love one another, so don't have doubt about your love.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;There are plenty of single jerks with lots of money. ... Jordon, I'm not including you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;No offence taken. And perhaps you're a bit right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;It's easy to find a guy who earns good money stepping on people's toes. But if he's young he'll pick you up in a pickup truck double parked, engine revving, and honking his horn. Young mature men are hard to find. So do you want money or maturity?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;I want both.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Then it's clear that you value money more than you value who I really am. I'll clear out my things in a few days.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Can we still be friends?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Of course, provided I can also remain friends with Desha.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Since you won't become my son-in-law I won't insist on you not being friends with this ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Skank. That's the word I think you want.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Father taught me long ago that when someone criticizes another it's as if they're pointing into a mirror. So the critic's the one who deserves their own criticism.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Father, Whit, you've raised a great daughter. Grafton, after I'm recovered we can talk more about our project. In the meantime, I hate awkward conversations, and misty eyes and tears that flow, so it's time for you, Grafton, and your daughter to go.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;I promise that my development project will bring great things to this city and county. Come my princess, it's time to leave.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;Until you can get all your stuff, I'll pack some clothes and such in a box, and I'll text you when it's in the hall.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Thanks. And remember I do love you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance">K:</span>&#160;I know. That's why I wanted to marry you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance">G:</span>&#160;Let's get out of this inhospitible hospital. Bye! <span class="explain">[Door opens and closes.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Normally I'd suggest lightening up the mood with some ice cream. But times have changed. So I'll just say that was the most entertaining drama I've seen since high school prom night. And I'll add that you two, Damien and Desha, seem like wonderful young people to me. And I've learned that I could use a few new friends. So if either or both of you want to come and visit me at home after I'm out of this place, you're invited.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'm beginning to see that not all wealthy people are bad. But I've been told I'm a bad-ass, and that's not going to change. So unless you like being criticized for your money quest, staying away might be best.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;As for me, probably I should call my mother and be a moocher for a bit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;If that gets old you can come and stay with Willie and me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So is it true what Katerina said about seeing love for me in your eyes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You are very smart, but sometimes you can be so dense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm not tall. Or handsome. As you know I've got no money I can offer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The reason Willie and I are single is that we don't tolerate jerks. And most guys are just that, jerks. But you're not. You have spirit, a sense of fairness, a willingness to work through rough times. And you've got a great ass.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Wouldn't your Willie be jealous?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;We're willing to share.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;That's something money can't buy!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;I'm fond of her Willie, in case you wonder about someone you've not yet met.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I can be dense too. But even I know that this is when you two should kiss.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Whit, do I need your permission?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;If you can tame this wild lass, then gladly I give you her ... hand.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I don't think she needs to be tamed. She just needs to continue fighting against corruption. And that's a fight I'm willing to share.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You really do care! <span class="explain">[Desha moves to Damien, they kiss on the lips, then hug.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Father, Whit, was just telling me I need more love in my life. You've brought your love here for me to appreciate. So go for it you wise and also stupid fools!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;In so many ways, for far too long, the world has been upside down. Now it's time to fight for what's right. And turn the world rightside up!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;If it would help me, or might inspire a better eulogy for me, then perhaps I can help make that happen. Let's discuss this some more at my lonely home.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Can my Willie come?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;Of course! A party! And not the political kind. I'll pay for Chinese takeout.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Father knows a good place for Chinese takeout.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;Oh yes, Foo Ken Good Palace. It's on southeast Assinhole Avenue.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Chuckles.]</span> Whit do you want to come too?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;More sparks for the fireworks? I'll decline. Yet I'm all in favor of turning the world rightside up. After all, turning things rightside up is the purpose of religion.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Holy guacamole! I never realized that's religion's grand prize.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Of course some churches need to subtract out the corrupt bits for that description to fit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I'm learning a lot today. Now I see that I mistook jealosy for love. People want a financial connection with me, but then they'd be happy to push me aside, or even wish me dead, to transfer some of my wealth to themselves. Alas, my world has been upside down. It's not the way I want things to be. I want love like everyone else. I too want to help begin to turn the world rightside up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I see you have a good heart. Now you can make a wiser start.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yes we'll visit you at your home. Surely there's a way to merge what we all want. Hopefully we can find a way to promote pairwise vote counting to turn the world rightside up!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Yes! And let's start by joining forces together! <span class="explain">[They kiss again.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister">W:</span>&#160;I can see the sparks flying already.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;I do enjoy fireworks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So do I! <span class="explain">[Desha reaches out and holds a hand with Jordon.]</span> Speaking of which, ... Jordon, I won't stop kicking your ass. But in fairness you're welcome to try to kick mine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc">J:</span>&#160;You can try to step on my toes. Anything goes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Deal! <span class="explain">[Desha goes back to put arm behind Damien.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Speaking of kicking ass, I still want to see your <i>kick ass</i> tatoo.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;A private showing of her is in your future.</p>

</body>
</html>
