<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Acknowledgements</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Acknowledgements</h1>
<p class="classBasic">Cynthia S., Andrew W., Eduard H., George "Vonnegut" (a comedy writing genius), Mia Moore (another comedy writing genius), Matt Y., [...]</p> <p class="classBasic">Resources: RhymeZone.com, Rhymer.com, TheFreeDictionary.com, Dashrep.org</p> <p class="classBasic">Here's a special posthumous thank you to caregiver Lottie Klock who taught me joy by giving me unconditional love during infancy.</p>
<p class="classPageBreak">&#160;</p> <h1>Voice Actor Casting Requirements</h1>
<p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien"><b>D</b>:</span> Damien, young adult male, tenor voice.&#160; Slight Puerto Rican accent.&#160; In earlier scenes uses slightly lazy pronounciation (such as lookin' instead of looking) on non-important words.&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_fiance"><b>K</b>:</span> Katerina, young adult female, soprano or alto voice.&#160; Speaks as though raised in an upper middle-class family.&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_vc"><b>J</b>:</span> Jordon, middle-age adult male, baritone voice.&#160; Speaks boldly as if wealthy.&#160;&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician"><b>F</b>:</span> Fred Finckster, older adult male, tenor voice.&#160; Speaks like an experienced politician.&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha"><b>De</b>:</span> Desha, young adult female, alto voice.&#160; U.S. American accent, but voice sounds like racially she is mixed-race with some African-American ancestry in addition to European ancestry.&#160; Speaks strong political opinions.&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof"><b>M</b>:</span> Mata, middle-age female, soprano or alto voice.&#160; Sounds like a university professor.&#160; Clear enunciation is important.&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist"><b>P</b>:</span> Pengaritihas, middle-age male, tenor voice.&#160; Slight Indian accent, as if he is the son of immigrants from India.&#160; (At least pronounces "the" as "thee" rather than "thuh".)&#160; Sounds like a university professor.&#160; Clear enunciation is important.&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_minister"><b>W</b>:</span> Whit (pronounced like "wit"), middle-age male, tenor voice.&#160; Voice sounds like he could be the father of Desha, who is of mixed-race with both African-American and European ancestry.&#160; Sounds like a wise minister or clergyman.&#160; Clear enunciation is important.&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><p class="lyric"><span class="singer_father_of_fiance"><b>G</b>:</span> Grafton, middle-age male, bass or baritone voice.&#160; Sounds like a pompous wealthy person.&#160; See below for voice requirements that apply to all characters.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Voice requirements for all characters:</b>&#160; The voices need to be natural (full-throated and conversational), lively (frequent pitch inflections and word-specific loudness changes, although never in the middle of a syllable), and smiling (comedic, but not "funny").&#160; A good sense of rhythm, either as a singer or dancer, is desired.&#160; When a word rhymes without being at the end of a sentence or phrase, use slight timing or emphasis adjustments to allow the rhyming to be heard at least subconsiously.&#160; The voice acting must not be self-conscious, and must not involve shouting.&#160; A directed session &#8212; either a phone call or Zoom call &#8212; initially may be needed, or else approval of samples is needed.&#160; A professional-quality microphone and silent background is essential.&#160; Delivery must be high-resolution WAV format.</p> <p class="classBasic">&#160;</p> <p class="classBasic">Additional characteristics are revealed in the dialog.</p>
</body>
</html>
