<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Our Middle Class Dreams</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Scene 1, Our Middle Class Dreams</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Damien! Are you thinking of jumping off?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;With today's luck I'd land on something soft.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Like a truckload of pumpkins? Or a cart of dung?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Or my head.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;That would put a dent in paying next month's rent. What's the matter?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'm (slurred first word) feelin' sadder than a dolphin with no fin.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Named Adolf? Why so abysmal?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Life is so unfair. My dream's been shattered.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Which dream's been fractured? The picket fence around a front yard that's big enough for a Saint Bernard?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;That's your dream. Mine was to enter the middle class.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Yeah, to gain that entrance you've been bustin' your ass.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;My butt is busted. What more does it take?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Maybe a secret handshake?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Today my boss popped my bubble.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Is his business in trouble?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Nah, but he told me some stuff, about some laws that are rough.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;The ones corporations can avoid?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yeah, that's got me annoyed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Some corporations are more corrupt than those long-ago traveling medicine shows.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;And us taxpayers get pushed to the edge. We're looking down into a volcano of molten lava called bankruptcy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;You didn't tell me we're close to the edge. How can this be?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;How is it that we who vote are not the ones keeping afloat? We're supposed to have democracy!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Yes we can vote, but most candidates are wimpy puppets, or con artists, or can't-win third-party whiners.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Marking the ballot oval for any such fink tickles my nose with a sulferous stink.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Yeah it's a big kink in democracy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;How can this be?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;It does seem crazy. Laws always favor the wealthy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yet they are fewer in number than rabbits behind the path of a coyote pack.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;And there are so many of us, making a big fuss.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;How can the rich outvote us? Is the only prognosis hopelessness?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Maybe it's hypnosis? Or the political ads I suppose.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;We can see through those. Something's hidden. There's got to be another villian.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;A conspiracy? A dark-money tyranny? Or a Bermuda pentagon with two sides missing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I don't know. But as my dad would say, "Get to the root of the problem, that's where the solution lay."</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;My parents, they taught me, suit up, show up, pay attention, and then pretend to work work work.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Willing to bust my ass, that I'm willin' to do. But not if we're following the footsteps of Native Americans.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Footsteps?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;They said "The white man are like wolves who herd us like buffalo from our grazing lands onto deserts. They take our lands to fuel their greed beyond their need."</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;We're being herded. Something's not right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Damn I want to know whose hand I should bite!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Financially, our life is so far upside down from where I want it to be.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I wanna be an employer, but I'm just an employee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;I wanna be a princess. But do you see a tiara on my empty head?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;We're upside down. It's not our nose that should run. It's our feet that should run.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;It's not our feet that should smell. It's our nose that should smell.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;We're upside down. Our finances are in the red, not in the black.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;If the look of our teeth gives us good cheer, at dinner out with friends we can't afford beer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;If our dinner plate has roasted veggies and some meat, then our car's gas gauge says stay at home this weekend.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Do you want a chocolate truffle?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Something brown to get me down, no thanks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;They're delicious.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'm suspicious. Something's going on behind our backs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Yes, right in front of our eyes. The trickle-down economy works for corporations, but not for us.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Work and cash should come as a pair, but one without the other, that's not fair!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;We're stuck doing dull work for bosses that are jerks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;The boss I've got is a saint compared to others. But now he says he's drowning. There's taxes and licenses, and insurance, and yet more fees. Just keeping track of these adds another employee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;That leaves less money for us.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I know how to invent but that don't pay the rent. Not yet. And it won't if I can't figure out how to own my own business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;I've read that suicide is done by men who can't find anyone else to blame. So who is rigging the political game?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I don't know. Politics is so complex.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Yeah, everything interconnects.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yet surely somewhere, perhaps in disguise, are a few people who are wise.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Even Google cannot track those needles in the global haystack.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'Specially because online networks push us to the money-backed jerks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Yeah, the evil ones who take away from the top of our take-home pay. Let's say you found a guru who knew, what would you ask, specifically?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;How can we get real democracy? Wait, I'll substitute. What's at the root of unfairness in business and the tactics used in politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Bright professors teach at the local college. Probably in political science they teach about the electoral college and gerrymandation, er, German dating, or whatever, and the Constitution.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'd rather walk into a rattlesnake cage than open another textbook. They shake my eyes more than the snake's tail. And my brain throbs as it tries to travel where weaselly words try to drag me. And tests, those devils just try to figure out if you read the textbook. Now that's a real conspiracy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;I have to agree. Textbooks and tests are in it together.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Just being inside a classroom feels like I've stepped into a boxing ring wearing not boxing gloves but holding pom poms.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Ah yes, community college classes already knocked you out for the count.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Does it matter? History is just about the past that's gone.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Just like Elvis. I admit I don't remember much.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;My math teacher said a monkey with a bad resume could have done better on his tests. And fractions were created by the devil!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Alas you have to deal with evil fractions every day at work.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I cry inside when I get a measurement like thirteen and five sixteenths inches.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;I wouldn't know what to do with that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Why should I struggle in the academic jungle?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;I admit I don't recall much at all from classes I took.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Anyway, do political scientists understand why politics is so upside down? With rich on top n' us voters mucking around in a financial swamp.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;I suppose you're right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Who should I fight? What's the tipping point? How can we, the majority, outvote the slush funds of the rich elite?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;I'll ask father. He might know someone who knows those secrets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I know I'm not the sharpest banana in the fruit basket. But if there should be a really sharp banana who can tell me, without pointing to some heavy book, why the world is so upside down, then I'll stuggle to learn those secrets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;And when you find out who's to blame for corruption in government, what comes next?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Then I'll know how to earn the money we deserve. For working so hard for the masters we serve.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;If you don't figure this out, are you going to jump?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I won't jump. I'm not a chump. When the going gets tough, I'll jump back on the crocodile and keep on ridin'. 'Cause I'm dyin'. To know why things are upside down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;As long as you're not dyin' on me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Some people say this is just the way it will always be. But that's not OK for me. It isn't fair! Getting ahead. Rising to the top. Why does it seem to happen just for jerks and windbags?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Yes, us hard workers deserve some perks too, don't we?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Seats in Congress should go to the wise.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Yet the winners are selfish liars.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;We voters want problem-solving leaders. But what do we get?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Special-interest puppets who do the bidding of the wealthy few.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;What do those puppet-masters get?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Even richer!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;And what do the rest of us get?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;Treated like a light bulb. Screwed!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I want to change the world and turn it right side up!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;The impossible. That's part of why I love you so. You want things to to be fair. You really care! But you'll need lots and lots of luck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yet with it I'll discover a way out of this muck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;And then finally we can reach prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;And suffer less adversity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Katerina:</span>&#160;I'll ask father for some help.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;And I'll use my soft brain as a shovel to dig deep into the elephant and donkey dung! My sanity depends on it.</p>

</body>
</html>
