<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Introduction</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Introduction</h1>
<p class="classBasic">Are you angry at the craziness going on in U.S. politics?&#160; Are you frustrated that the United States Congress lacks a backbone and couldn't crawl it's way out of an open paper bag lying on its side?&#160; Do you fear economic hard times, more school shootings, and overpriced access to kitten videos?</p> <p class="classBasic">This is the entertaining comic story of a young man named Damien and a young woman named Desha who together dig under many layers of political dung and entertaining distractions to uncover the secret tactic that wealthy business owners use to control politicians in both the Republican and Democratic parties.</p> <p class="classBasic">Even better, Damien and Desha learn the solution that eventually will reduce corruption in politics.&#160; The name of the solution is simple.&#160; It's called <i>pairwise counting</i>.&#160; What does this mean?&#160; Read the story to join Damien and Desha in their insightful adventure!</p> <p class="classBasic">This book is a comedy, written entirely in dialog.&#160; Soon this dialog will be performed by voice actors to create an audiobook.&#160; Later there will be a video version.&#160; To find out more about the audiobook and any video versions, point your browser to: SolutionsCreative.com&#160; In the meantime, please learn the secret explained in this book, and then tell your friends.</p> <p class="classBasic">The author also explains this secret in his book titled <i>Ending The Hidden Unfairness In U.S. Elections</i>.&#160; But that non-fiction book is, for most people, too dry (not as entertaining) and too long.&#160; Here you can have fun as you learn the secret you will want to share with your friends.</p>
<p class="classPageBreak">&#160;</p> <h1>Characters</h1>
<p class="classBasic"><b>Damien</b>, D: Male, tenor voice.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Katerina</b>, K: Female, soprano or alto voice.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Jordon</b>, J: Male, baritone voice.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Fred Finckster</b>, F: Male (or possibly female), tenor voice.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Desha</b>, De: Female, alto voice.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Mata</b>, M: Female (or possibly male), soprano or maybe alto voice.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Pengaritihas</b>, P: Male (or possibly female), tenor voice.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Whit</b>, W: Male, tenor voice.</p> <p class="classBasic"><b>Grafton</b>, G: Male, bass or baritone voice.</p> <p class="classBasic">Additional characteristics are revealed in the dialog.</p>
</body>
</html>
