<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Economic Engines</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Scene 6, Economic Engines</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De (Desha):</span>&#160;[Desha and Damien enter classroom.] Are you professor Pengaritihas?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P (Pengaritihas):</span>&#160;Yes. Are you two Demon and Dasha?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'm Desha.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D (Damien):</span>&#160;I'm Damien.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Welcome to my classroom. Would you like some pistachios?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm so full of nuts I could get a dozen squirrels through winter.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;We're wired on espresso. So let's go!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm hungry to learn.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;We came to learn the dark arts of economics. Please tell us what will happen when elections are fair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;When vote splittin's no longer skewing the outcome.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's not goat spitting. It's vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;We know it's super challengin' to predict the future.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's mostly what us economists are paid to do. Predict the future.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Are they, well you too, in hindsight, usually right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Sometimes yes, and then we modestly say <i>I told you so</i>. Sometimes no, and then we apply for a research grant to study why we were wrong.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So you get paid more if you're wrong? Are economists wealthy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Desha, your espresso is showing. Professor, do you have a general notion 'bout what will change? Especially in Washington.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Lots of laws will be passed. Then a few people who greatly profit from existing conditions will earn less money, and almost everyone else will enjoy increased prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;What's your justification? For that prediction?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That trend has been going on throughout civilization and history. Not counting setbacks caused by warfare.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Can you explain why?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Imagine the economy as a strawberry pie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'm not fond of strawberry pie. Can we call it a cherry pie?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Of course. Now imagine the economy is a cherry pie. If some people cut themselves a slice that is too big, then other people end up with smaller slices.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm following this. Wow!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;What would you like to call the people who take too big of a slice?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;People in the political down. As opposed to the political left 'n political right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;'N the people who get too little would be people in the political up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Clearly you've got your bearings in the political jungle. So, the way I see it, fairer elections would yield elected leaders who care more about the people you call the political up. Currently those people get too little economic pie. So of course replacement politicians would pass laws that give bigger slices of economic pie to the majority of voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So far this is easier than playing air guitar.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;When I took economics one oh one, it wasn't this fun.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;We'll get to the complicated bit soon, and that involves a bit of history.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh dear, not silly, wonky history. I learned some. But what's the past got to do with anything? Other than playing trivia games. And using history tests to expose who's a dummy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Imagine that walking backwards [walks backward] is like moving forward in time. [points over shoulder] The future I cannot see [points straight ahead] so I peer into the past. That gives me clues about where we're headed. So it's like a crystal ball. History allows us to see that which is yet to be.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Wow! History is about the future. Who knew?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Many people mistakenly believe that history is recalling facts about the past.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;In a history trivia contest Wikipedia would beat me like the loudest drum in a marchin' band.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Reading Wikipedia would be a great way to learn history.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;My eyes are cryin' just thinkin' about reading Wikipedia so much.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You said that reading glasses with a blue tint helps with books. You can change Wikipedia's white background to blue on a browser.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'll give that trick a try.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;What's really much more interesting about history, rather than facts, is causation. Cause and effect. And unintended consequences.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Can ya toss me an example?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Here's an example that involves snakes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The political kind?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Cobras.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I like them, at a distance.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A city in India had a problem with lots of cobra snakes, so they put a bounty on the snakes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I recognize bounty as another word for money.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;So how would you expect that to turn out?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Fewer cobra snakes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Since you're usin' it as an example, I'll guess the number of snakes increased.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Indeed, the cobra population increased. So the test question is: why?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I hate tests. My brain freezes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Flunk! With your brain, try to maintain your focus on the topic, the subject, the concept. Don't try to push away the fear. Instead let go of the fear. It shouldn't be a struggle. Just un-cling to the emotion. That cuts the umbilical connection. Let go of fear.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Got it. I'll focus on the topic of snakes. There's less fear there.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So why did the cobra population increase?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;When money gets offered for something then people do what it takes to get that money. Enterprising city residents went into the cobra snake breeding business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'll guess that after realizing what was going on, the bounty was ended and those extra snakes got released?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A plus! That's what happened. This historical event reminds us to consider otherwise unexpected consequences.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;There are lots of awful unfair consequences of Congress and its corruption, but those shouldn't be unexpected.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Let's look at one of the problems that economists face. You've heard of the gross domestic product, the GDP?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yeah, it measures, well, when it goes up, that's good. 'N when it goes down, that's bad.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;So here's the next test question. Does the GDP go up or down when a family's house burns down?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;This seems like another trick question so I'll say GDP goes up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;C plus. For an A you need to tell me why.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Because building the replacement house, or more likely the selling of the property to a developer who builds a condominium, is business activity, and that's what GDP measures.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A plus. Yes, GDP just measures transfers of money. When nothing is bought or sold there's no change in gross domestic product.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That is gross. But what's this got to do with election vote-counting reform?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;When people are optimistic about the future, GDP goes up because people buy more products, pay for more services, eat out, and make babies. But when people are pessimistic about the future, they fearfully cling to their money, so there are fewer transfers of money. And when they postpone making babies, there are fewer future customers. All that pulls down GDP.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;N' you think people will become optimistic when fairer voting methods are adopted?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The short answer is yes. The fuller answer involves what's happening now in the economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I keep hearing the economy's on the climbing path of a roller coaster. But I'm in a car that's derailed and I'm plunging fast.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The stock market keeps going up and up because people with money have few other places to invest it. Specifically certificates of deposit don't yield much interest.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That gives the stock market sort of a monopoly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So stocks are like an over-inflated balloon. Does that mean our roller coaster ride will soon plummet? And the poor will all die?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's difficult to predict when it will drop from its recent top.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;You said economists predict the future.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Knowing <i>what</i> will happen is different from knowing <i>when</i> those whats will happen. Professors of economics focus on rational behavior. But successful investors earn lots of money by knowing the stock market can stay irrational longer than investors can stay solvent.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Fortune tellers who teach?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;We develop math proofs yet we're guilty of some goofs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Why doesn't the economy work for me, even though the numbers say everything's hunky dory? Is this an example of mathiness?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;I don't know what mathiness is. But numbers can be deceptive. What many people overlook is that the unemployment rate that's in the news just counts people who are now getting unemployment benefits.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Those benefits run out after a few months of having no job. I've learned that from experience. So unemployment is actually higher, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes, it's higher.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Why don't economists measure that? The real unemployment rate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The government does measure that unemployment rate as well. But most newspapers and TV stations report the one that government officials call attention to.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So the government's being sneaky, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The government knows that if they call attention to the higher unemployment rate, then all that optimism disappears. Then the economy and the GDP would trend downward. And that would activate a bad feedback loop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's a weed black poop?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A feedback loop. When you're in an auditorium and the sound system squeals, that's a feedback loop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh yeah. That's when a tiny sound at the microphone gets amplified 'n comes out the speakers 'n gets back to the microphone just slightly louder than before.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It becomes as loud as possible as fast as possible. And a feeback loop is what makes a hurricane so powerful. There are lots of feedback loops. That's what's behind economic inflation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;A strong wind?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;When an employee who makes plush toy dinosaurs gets a raise, the business raises the price of their dinos. A mother working in a grocery store then gets a raise to afford rising toy prices. Then the grocery store slightly raises its prices to cover that salary increase. Then that feeds back to the original employee who shops at that grocery store.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's inflation, when salaries and prices increase together.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That feedback loop has to be slowed down by doing something that decouples at least one of the links in the loop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So announcing a higher rate of unemployment would undermine optimism. And that would bring down the economy. And that would cause more layoffs, which speeds up how fast the economy goes down. This makes sense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Governments try to make the economy grow. But without allowing inflation to inflate too fast.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's the concept. Of course my students have to say it academically correctly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Otherwise they'd get bad grades on standardized tests, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Alas, yes. I have to teach to the tests. Yet the important parts of economics are the concepts, and that's why it's a delight to get to explain them to you two.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;[Faces Desha] So here the concept is, ... your poop scooper loop's a feedback loop?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's different. Dog owners have to care about the health of other dogs to protect their own dog's health. Here, in economic kinds of feedback loops, <i>self-interest</i> is the motivation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, the employees ask for a higher salary for selfish reasons. 'N the business owner sells at higher prices for selfish reasons.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Right. In economic feedback loops the changes happen because each person focuses on what they themselves want. Without caring about what others want. Like with those cobra snake breeders. They didn't much care how many cobra snakes are in the city. Their actions were just based on monetary self-interest.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I see. Dog owners, the pooper scooper ones, care how many piles of dog poop their dog can sniff. But that's affected by other dog owners. There's no benefit to poop scooping if other dog owners don't scoop too.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You've got it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Hey! Wait a moment. Feedback loops are what rich business owners use to get oversized slices of economic pie. They use lawyers. And they control news sources. And they control politicians. Those loops make them wealthier and wealthier.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And the rest of us can't afford to buy even a slice of strawberry, er, cherry pie. Yet why does it seem that rent 'n food 'n ice cream are going up and up fast while salaries stay stuck?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's not your imagination. The cost of living is going up faster than the consumer price index, which is the official measurement of inflation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's probably another corrupt measurement. But I forgot why it's corrupt.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;You didn't forget. We can't teach why to undergrads. Part of the why is because back when the price of food items were quickly rising, some food items were replaced by items whose cost were declining.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's declining in cost?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The per-pixel cost of digital cameras.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I recognize that word <i>per</i>. It means division. And the number of pixels in a camera are going up, so dividing by that bigger number makes the result go down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So that's another way the government is hiding the real cost of living. I can guess why they're not being transparent. But something else is going on, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes. Some government expenses are matched to the consumer price index. Such as retirement pensions for government employees, and social security benefits. And that index's linked to the interest they pay for borrowed money. So the government wants inflation to stay low.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So the government saves lots of money by pretending inflation is low, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes. And as another trick they get to exclude rent and fuel, which are rising quickly. They're excluded from that index because they're too volatile.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That means they go up and down like a nervous kangaroo rat.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Is anything else being fudged? Besides hot sundaes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Desha, do you remember from econ one oh one what determines interest rates?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The federal reserve chooses when to increase and decrease the interest rate, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's the rate talked about in the news, but more important is the rate determined by auctioning treasuries.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I don't remember learning about those actions, I mean, auctions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's not taught to undergrads.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'll bet textbooks don't include it because schools are funded by the government. So textbooks can't reveal secrets the government wants to hide.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes, that's another feedback loop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;All these feedback loops! They make math seem simple.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I agree.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;U.S. treasuries are sold in auctions. In economically optimistic times they sell for higher prices, closer to the amount the government pays when they reach their redemption date.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, but in economically pessimistic times the buyers pay much less. That increases the gap between purchase price and redemption payment. So that brings up rates of interest, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, I think I'm following. Since interest rates are low, that means there's lots of buyers for those treasuries?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A plus. Yes, normally. But China and Russia stopped buying them so lately the federal reserve has been buying lots of them.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That would be like the plush toy dinosaur business buying its own dinos to give the appearance of extra customers and income.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's partly why the deficit is so huge.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, so the U.S. government has increased its debt to compensate for rough times economically?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Wait a moment. Our economy's like a stack of wood blocks in a teetering tower that's ready to fall?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Almost all nations and all big businesses are in debt. So are farmers. They all have to borrow first before they can grow crops or manufacture or whatever to get income.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So being in debt is not a big deal, but a growing deficit, that's bad, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Relatively speaking, yes. But as long as the government is keeping its citizens happy, and happier than in other nations, problems can be hidden behind curtains of distraction.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The number of people trying to immigrate into the U.S. is still high, right? So that suggests success. Yet things are a mess.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So what should be going on instead?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;History tells us that prosperity happens when a city, nation, or region sells something that people outside the region either need or strongly desire. And it's not available from anywhere else.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;An example would help.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Do you know what the silk road was?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yeah, Marco Polo and lots of caravans traveled along it to get silk from China.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That means China was getting lots of valuable things flowing into their country to pay for the silk.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So that made China rich.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;China wisely kept their special silkworms within the Forbidden City to protect their monopoly. Protecting a monopoly through secrecy is an important way for a region or a business to dramatically gain economic prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The Forbidden City's the fortress where the emperor of China lived.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Be the only source of something valuable. That's a monopoly. Hmm, this seems familiar.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Another way to increase prosperity is to increase efficiency.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I need an example again.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Consider the Roman empire. They wrote laws to control business and commerce, including setting standards for weights and sizes. And they used soldiers and courts to enforce those laws. And they built roads and patroled them with soldiers. They built aqueducts to channel water to cities. All of that greatly increased the efficiency of their economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Huh? Economic efficiency?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Economic efficiency means something different. Here I'm talking about efficiency as a general concept, where profits go up when costs go down. And costs go down when people spend less time fetching water, getting cheated as a customer, breaking cart wheels on bad roads, getting robbed, and getting sick because of not having water to wash their hands.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Less time wasted. Got it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Especially important is for there to be less fighting. Not only physical fighting, but fewer business disputes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Since efficiency is so important, economists measure it, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;They think they do. They have something called economic efficiency, but that's more like the gain and loss of a cherry pie. And they have something called the productivity index. But it's flawed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A plus. You do remember some economics. The productivity index is supposed to measure productivity, which is similar to efficiency. Yet that index increases when a house burns down and then inexpensively gets rebuilt. Of course it would be even more efficient if the house never burned down. But measuring non-destruction, alas that's not a sexy topic that attracts economists' attention.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So if efficiency is what made the Roman empire great, why did it decline? In just a sentence or two.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;If all the books on this subject fell on you, you'd get buried in an avalanche ten feet high.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;I'll give you just the relevant part. After the years of good governance, when things were prosperous, corruption grew. And corruption reduces efficiency.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Why?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;This is going to take awhile. What I'm wearing might go out of style.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Actually it's simple. You know what the free market is, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yeah.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Of course.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;In an ideal free market, there are no barriers. People can choose what to buy, what to sell, how much to charge, and whatever else, without fighting. That's a fluid, flexible, and efficient, economy. But corruption? That puts up barriers that are chosen to channel money into specific pockets. Those corrupt barriers reduce efficiency.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I think I've got it. Efficiency and selling what's desirable is what brings money into a region. And corruption reduces efficiency, which causes economic decline.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;In ancient Rome a bigger source of wealth was through conquest. That means stealing. That's what brought lots of wealth into Rome, from other regions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;But that ends when there's no more regions to conquer, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes. Basically that's the kids' book version of the Roman empire. A similar kind of rise and fall pattern happened later with the Italian Renaissance. It started with efficient banking. Plus improved ships using technology from China.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The compass, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;And the ship's rudder.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;And the digit zero.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;You're astute!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;No my ass didn't toot!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Astute. It means your brain just did the equivalent of a gymnastics triple twist vault with a perfect landing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh thanks! And gunpowder too?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Certainly gunpowder enabled seagoing people to exploit other regions and their resources.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Now that I better understand that transporting silk and other stuff ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Gold, ivory, frankincense, <span class="highlight">and sweet exotic candy. [OK as is? fix_humor]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;... between Asia and Europe was what big ships were being used for, I realize that running into America and taking land from the natives, and enslaving Africans to work on plantations in the Caribbean, was a bonus. And giving religious folks a place where they could escape competing religions was just, for us, a lucky byproduct?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Basically, yes. And it gave democracy a place to grow, far away from big armies and navies. The resulting cooperation among U.S. states led to immense prosperity. That's why a couple centuries later Europeans formed the European Union. That's an effort to copy the cooperation that works so well in the United States. Europeans finally set aside their religious differences, their cultural differences, and their language differences.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You said fighting undermines the economy. Yet political hawks, who are mostly conservatives, promote warfare as a way to increase prosperity. And competition between businesses is the basis of prosperity in a free market, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm lost. I feel like I'm in a maze and someone turned off the lights.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Competition between businesses provides motivation to work hard. But what gets overlooked is the teamwork, the cooperation, among employees within the same business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Huh?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, employees getting along, who wouldn't normally get along. Like employees ignoring racial differences, religious differences, and gender differences.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, and Republicans and Democrats ignoring their differences while at work.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;When these conflicts are ignored, that's cooperation. Ah, that increases efficiency <i>within</i> the business.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So cooperation within a business makes the business strong, so it can better compete against other businesses? The lights are coming back on. I think I see.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So fighting between groups of people inspires, motivates, cooperation within each group?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's not a bad simplification.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So a free market is a good thing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A fully free market is impossible, yet it gets tried repeatedly, and it fails. Like the Articles of Confederation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Basically the U.S. Constitution is version two point oh. The Articles of Confederation was version one point oh.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It failed partly because it asked each colony to supply soldiers and weapons and such, but there was no negative consequence for the colonies that didn't. So the Constitution, among other changes, taxed the colonies to pay for one big army and navy. That cooperation was the opposite of what European nations were doing, which was fighting each other endlessly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So you're saying that if there was a fully free market then we wouldn't have things like a military?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Or public schools, food for the poor, hospitals, or orphanages for little orphan Annies. Those things were created by churches, and promoted by religions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Religion?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Ancient priests in Egypt earned their grain and beer by predicting eclipses so their boss, the pharaoh, could pretend to be powerful. And they predicted when the Nile River would flood and recede. Plus each year priests used mathematics and surveying to lay out the new farming boundaries. All of that was like magic to people who didn't understand astronomy, weather, and geometry.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's why Galileo was a threat to the Catholic Church. He showed that science was better than priests at those things.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;And priests lost lots of credibility, plus their lives, during the European black death by praying for the dying.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And by failing to cure the sick. With prayers, holy water, and advising pilgrims to kneel before the <span class="highlight">pelvic bone of Saint Bernard of Biddlesbourough. [OK as-is? fix_humor]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;So lots of what was once done by religion has split into science, engineering, public education, and government. Now, as I see it, the big barrier against progress for civilization is our use of very primitive voting methods.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So what would happen if we, the majority of voters, could elect leaders who care? How would those leaders change the U.S. economy? To make it fair. I assume they would increase our efficiency, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes they would want to increase prosperity. As a start, they would avoid making big mistakes other nations have made.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;An example?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;When England was prosperous they raised tariffs as a way to increase their income, or so they thought. But higher tariffs, just like higher prices, only work if there's a monopoly. That new barrier gave Dutch people a trading advantage, because they had lower tariffs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So higher tariffs on English goods motivated other nations to trade with the Dutch instead of the English? Isn't that when Dutch business owners grew so wealthy they bid up the price of tulip bulbs to sub-orbital highs?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Indeed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And isn't that when the Pilgrims moved to Holland, where the Dutch live, so they could escape religious persecution from the state-run church in England?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If free markets are great, why don't we have more of that? 'N fewer monopolies?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Great question.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A free market saves money for lots of people. But it decreases income for people who cling to outdated ways of doing business. So naturally wealthy business owners pay politicians to keep the status quo.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Status quo ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Means keepin' things as they are. I've been doing some cramming.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;On the flip side, a free market increases wealth for people who innovate instead of cling.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Is this why Amazon does so well? And why retail stores are suffering? Amazon uses computers to replace the inefficiency of people.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I've worked in retail stores. Talk about inefficiency. I had to count out change when someone handed me cash. And countless customers interrupted me because they were too lazy to read the huge sign with an arrow that said <i>restrooms</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;And looking at the city level, driving to stores wastes lots of time and fuel, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;You're getting this! Congratulations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Here in the U.S. we have to buy sugar that's made from crops grown domestically. So that means we're wasting lots of money that could be spent on other things if we bought our sugar from outside the U.S., right? So we should eliminate monopolies, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Monopolies do reduce this kind of efficiency. But some monopolies are needed, such as for making strategic things. Like bombs, anti-viral face masks, and Pixar movies. Decades ago sugar was regarded as a strategic advantage. That's why it's got a monopoly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Getting fat is a strategic advantage?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;My expertise is in economics. I don't claim to be an expert about military defensibility, or preparing for pandemics, power-grid failures, and earth's orgasms. <span class="highlight">[fix_humor, joke OK as-is?]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So goods and services should be used wisely. And shouldn't be wasted. That makes sense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;There's something else that shouldn't be wasted. It's difficult to measure, so it's easily overlooked. Consider what happened in Britain during World War One. It was popular for university-educated men to volunteer to fight in that war.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;They got slaughtered in the trenches. Lots of knowledge and lots of skills died with them. What a waste.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;And that caused a bad feedback loop. It reduced the people who could educate the next generation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, so that's why men in college get excluded when there's a military draft. I see. Knowledge and skills are also resources that can get used wisely or wasted.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Or lost. During the European black death, lots of blacksmiths and ship builders and court jesters died. With them died lots of valuable knowledge.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Jesters knew how to juggle pig bladders and chew berries at the same time?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Back before the iPod and Netflix and radio and even record players, music and jokes and dances could only be heard or seen in the presence of musicians, storytellers, dancers, and jesters. If they died without passing along what they knew, their sweet songs, spellbinding stories, tantalizing dances, and hilarious jokes got lost.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, death. It takes so much away.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;In those times swords, and horseshoes, and sailing ships were high technology. That's why blacksmiths and ship builders were so valuable.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Is this related to why humans haven't recently walked on the moon? Losing knowledge?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Alas, yes. The people who knew how to put them there are dead, or retired. The opposite of losing knowledge is gaining knowledge. That's what gave strength to the Islamic Golden Age.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's when Bagdad was the center of an empire of people who spoke Arabic and followed the religion of Islam. A wise ruler, whose name I don't remember ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;... Harun al-Rashid, at the end of the seven hundreds ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;... collected books and gathered wise scholars from around the world, and paid smart people to develop things like algebra, geometry, and ..., I forget what else.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Three D drawings, robotic mechanisms, and much more.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Is that when the digit zero made its way closer to Europe?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Yes, and why Europeans and we refer to the digits zero through nine as Arabic numerals.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A plus plus. And that empire became weak as a result of what?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Corruption I'll bet.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes, including a dismissal of science.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;People who dismiss science are doubly stupid. And I'll bet some of them are capitalists who fail to see that the loss of science leads the economy into a death spiral.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Another bad feedback loop. Got it. About stupidity, how come it so often wins against knowledge?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Dictators and wannabe dictators like to be in control. But they fail to realize that economic prosperity rests on the shoulders of the smart. When Mao Zedong led China he banished intellectuals to manual-labor jobs. That undermined the economy. After Mao died the brightest compliant ones were allowed back into science and business, and that shift paid off.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Did earlier Chinese rulers do better?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Chinese emperors feared losing what they called the mandate of heaven. What we call the right to rule. Especially they feared natural disasters. That's because too many deaths caused by flood, or pandemic, or crop failure, led to rebellion and revolution.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Too bad those signs are ignored by Congress and U.S. voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Another big loss of efficiency is mismanagement. That's partly why NASA lost its ability to make rockets that can take astronauts to the space station.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And why now NASA has to buy passage for astronauts on Russian rockets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;On the topic of Russia, socialism is what some folks think would be better than capitalism, but it's not.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I learned that once. But when I try to remember why, what comes up is something about chocolate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's because free markets more quickly arrive at the most efficient networks and interdependencies. In contrast, socialism attempts to control markets from the top down, using quotas, and penalties, and fixing prices, such as the price of sugar. But those rules can't change as fast as what happens at the bottom of the economy. Plus they do hiring and firing based on nepotism and favoritism, not competence.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's nepo... whatever.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Hiring family members.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So let me see if I'm understanding. ... A free and efficient market's like letting water find its own way to the ocean? Instead of trying to redirect rivers. Is that right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's a useful metaphor. Now, finally, you're ready to understand something important that doesn't have a name.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Bring it on!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A very effective way for an existing government to increase prosperity is to <i>increase taxes</i> on <i>business</i> activities that are wasteful or inefficient. And to <i>decrease taxes</i> on <i>business</i> activities that are efficient and bring a net flow of money into the region. In this case the region is the U.S.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So which business activities are which?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Let's consider some different kinds of businesses. How about farming?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That brings money in. If the crops are sold outside the U.S.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Which is part of why farmers get lots of special government subsidies. How about manufacturing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That brings money in, when the products are sold outside the U.S.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I thought that manufacturing businesses were bad.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Back when the industrial revolution began, that was common. And still there are some businesses that treat laws as if they're optional suggested guidelines. But today's transgressions are mild compared to earlier times.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;A manufacturing business doesn't need to be bad. Got it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;If there were lower taxes for good manufacturing businesses, that would reward them for efficiently hiring skilled workers who transform raw materials into valuable products worth lots of money.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So software businesses would get lower taxes too? They bring lots of money into the United States from other nations, and they just consume electricity. And they hire highly skilled software developers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Great example. How about mining companies?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They bring lots of money into the U.S.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But the U.S. loses lots of natural resources that future generations will come to miss, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes. Like Japan, where they cut down their forests for firewood. Now they buy lots of timber from the U.S. Or did back when massive logging was done in the Pacific Northwest.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So mining and timber businesses deserve to pay higher taxes, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The word <i>deserve</i> is judgemental, so that's a matter of opinion. There might be times when Desha thinks you deserve to be spanked with a wet towel, but that would be a judgement, not a fact.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;In this case it's a fact.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;But, yes, if mining and timber industries export lots of materials now, then future generations will not have those resources to use, sell, or waste.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Short-sighted capitalists. Speaking of that, what's capitalism? It's confusing to me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's because the word really has different meanings in different situations. Of course textbooks carefully define it, but those definitions use words that don't fully capture exactly what it means every time it's used.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Which explains why so much of what I learned in school now seems like snow on a sunny hillside. It's long gone. But this, what you're teaching us, reveals so many secrets that lie beneath puzzling mysteries, of why things are the way they are. So I think I'll remember most of it for a long time.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's a joy to really get to teach what's important! Now, back to what doesn't have an official name. How about artists, writers, composers, and other people who create things that can be sold for way more than the cost of electricity and art supplies and creative software?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Clearly they deserve, er, should get, lower taxes on their businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So what's this called? This thing of imposing lower taxes on businesses that efficiently create things of value. And imposing higher taxes on businesses that waste resources.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Or don't attract as much money into the United States.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's an idea still in its infancy. So it doesn't have an established name. I've only heard it called <i>tax the takers more than the makers.</i></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I like that. People like me who wanna make things would earn higher wages because of those lower taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And corporations would pay much higher taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Only some corporations would pay higher taxes. Other corporations create lots of valuable products and services, and they would pay lower taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Which corporations create value? I thought that big corporations are predatory.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The Corporation For Public Broadcasting creates lots of great educational TV shows for kids.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;And for adults. Their NOVA shows are great.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's cheating. That's a corporation that's not profit-focused.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Admittedly big corporations do tend to be greedy. And lots of them, especially insurance companies, get most of their income from within the U.S. Yet when they were young and small, Google and Facebook and even Bank of America benefitted lots of people without being so greedy. And there are some decent big businesses such as Ben and Jerry's, and relatively speaking, Apple. More importantly for this discussion there are lots of <i>small</i> corporations you've never heard of that benefit lots of people in lots of wonderful ways.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, I suppose it's like with rich people. Some are good, and some are bad. I have to pay attention to what they do.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Indeed. And I'll say I'm glad you see that simply taxing wealthy individuals isn't the key.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I learned they can hide Florida condos, showy yachts, and Tesla SUVs in the businesses n' trusts they own. So they can evade individual taxation. 'N exploit tax deductions in their businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;And it's harder to figure out which rich folks deserve to be wealthy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;None of them!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Can you not think of any wealthy people who deserve to earn lots of money for their work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;My boss, and other owners of small construction businesses like the one I work in. And maybe Elon Musk because he's hugely improving cars and rockets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But he's a jerk. And probably his real reason for going to Mars is to evade taxes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;So was Bill Gates in his early years. Being a jerk, I mean. But here we're just talking about whether they've done things that strengthen the economy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I think Oprah Winfrey deserves her wealth. And Stephen Colbert 'cause he makes me laugh about the craziness in politics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They're all in the political up, along with us voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's hard to judge which individuals are in what you call the political up versus down. It's easier to do with businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;With individuals we just need to look at how much they give to politicians.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Following the flow of money in politics is like slicing an onion. There are lots of layers to cut through, and it becomes hard to see because tears come to your eyes. It's easier to separate the takers from the makers in businesses. We look at what the biz does.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What if the biz does both? Making and taking?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;We can prorate it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Get professionals to rate the business?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Prorating. It's another kind of division. It involves percentages.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, got it. But my brain's startin' to drain 'cause this seems like sorting peaches from apricots. Is there some pattern? I mean for sorting takers from makers?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;In general the spectrum from makers to takers would be something like this. It starts with farming and ranching. Then to manufacturing, cooking, brewing, entertaining, engineering, inventing, software developing, oil refining, research if it isn't market research, and other such making activities. Then to teaching and training. Then to healthcare, grocery sales, meat packing, canning, and maintenance. Then to shipping, retail stores, hospitality, and more. Then to advertising and marketing. Then finally to banking, insurance, legal services, real estate developers, logging, mining, casinos, alcohol businesses, and the tobacco industry.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I love it! Especially because sleazy real estate developers would be at the bottom paying the highest tax rates. Now it's finally so much clearer who I should fight! And how I can fight!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So you're saying that better voting methods would allow us voters to elect politicians who'd pass laws that change business taxes? In ways that would lead to a stronger economy? So there's a big flow of money into the United States?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And less profits for businesses that mostly earn their money from customers inside the U.S.? Like Wall Street and insurance companies?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;I'm not saying what should be done, or will be done. I'm saying that economic prosperity would increase if those changes were made.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N it would only decrease prosperity for a few people who earn their money by owning taker businesses? That sounds great!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'm ready for this fight!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Hey! I see a pattern. The owners of taker businesses are in the political down, 'n currently their businesses get so many tax breaks they pay low tax rates. 'N the owners of maker businesses, like the one I work in, 'n the one I'd like to build, they're in the political up. Yet they pay high tax rates, 'n get few tax breaks. We're taxin' the fruitful makers more than the vulture takers! The economy's like a bat takin' a nap. It's upside down!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Yes! The economic world is so very upside down! It's time to turn the economy right side up!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Alas, yes, the economic world is upside down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I see something else! Suppose Wall Street businesses and law offices were taxed more. Their employees would earn less than they do now. So some smart employees on Wall Street and some smart lawyers would move from those taker businesses to maker businesses. Because those businesses would be taxed less. So they could pay better than now. That job migration would increase U.S. prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I see. They'd be less attracted to soul-sucking jobs on Wall Street. But wait a minute. ... I think that might mean a lower salary for me 'cause I'm not a smart guy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Does this guy really not know how smart he is?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;He hasn't done much reading so he's not book smart. But he's very smart in common sense. Which is all too uncommon, alas.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If I'm so smart, why'd I flunk out of community college?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Because you've got a reading disability that schools don't test for. That makes schools stupid. Not you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;My world's so upside down. In so many ways.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Let's fix that. What's still confusing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I still don't know why so many people say it's easy to earn lots of money just by workin' extra hard.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That was true back in the nineteen fifties, sixties, and into the seventies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What changed?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Remember that a big part of World War Two, in the nineteen fourties, was the bombing of factories and power plants. That destroyed lots of the efficiency that had been built in industrial nations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Huh?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Here's a question. Which nations did not get their factories destroyed by bombs?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The United States.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And Canada.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That gave the United States and Canada a monopoly. A huge monopoly. What was it?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Factories! Manufacturing! The entire world had to buy manufactured goods from the U.S. and Canada.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Right. So what's that mean?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Huge amounts of money, to buy those goods, flowed into North America.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N that monopoly ended when other nations built new factories to replace the ones that were bombed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A plus again! That's why U.S. economic prosperity peaked in the fifties and sixties. That's when the idea arose, well resurfaced, that anyone could get rich by working hard.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So it's like when there's a strong enough updraft, even slugs can fly?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Be careful where you're standing when that updraft ends.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's the basic idea.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So during the fifties and sixties the middle class was bigger. That fits with what I've heard. Now that the middle class has shrunk, working hard to earn wealth is just bunk?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;There's something called the Gini coefficient that measures income inequity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;It measures wickedness? I love it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You're thinking of iniquity. This is inequity. As in inequality.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The Gini coefficient started rising in the late nineteen seventies. That's when getting to the middle class became harder.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's when <i>primary</i> elections became common! 'N that's when more rich Republicans infiltrated Democratic primaries.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's not just a coincidence is it?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Now you're getting to something I don't know.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So rising to the middle class based on hard work is something from the past?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;I'm not a political scientist, yet I can see there's lots and lots of corruption in the U.S. And it's been increasing. But please appreciate that most other nations are even more corrupt. And never forget that corruption was worse in the past.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I need some optimism. Is there any hope that the big problems we face can be solved? Like global climate change?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Back when horses pulled wagons, big cities faced a big environmental dilemma. They predicted that soon cities would be knee high in horse shit. Yet that didn't happen. Not one bit.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They failed to predict automobiles would take over.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So our current climate crisis is like being ankle-deep in horse shit? Except it's invisible? This is optimistic?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What predictions are we failing to see? What solutions can solve our huge crises?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Perhaps the biggest overlooked solution is pairwise vote counting. You already know that will fix lots of bad feedback loops. And that will increase economic prosperity. Yet I've also read about some other promising solutions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What are those?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;I've read about fully synthetic hydrocarbon fuel, thorium nuclear reactors, new programming languages that will simplify automating things online, a fully phonetic writing system that will reduce illiteracy, open patents as an aternative to monopoly patents, dishwasher-sized kitchen appliances that will do food prep using robotics controlled by workers in distant countries, and a years-in-prison movie and game rating that will reduce crime. Plus I've got some personal guesses. There will be better micropayment systems that help individual entrepreneurs. And there'll be higher taxes on businesses that have more salary inequity between executives and workers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Wow! It makes my gutter cleaning tool seem smaller than a bikini on a beach in Rio.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;How do you know about these things?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;I read. It's a form of time travel.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I read too, but this is all news to me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;I mostly read non-fiction. I skip over articles that are judgements, such as who's to blame, or what <i>should</i> be done, or what celebrities are promoting. Instead I like to read about why things are the way they are, which includes lots of history. And when there's a claim for a solution, I just focus on its advantages and disadvantages.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So what's blocking those future solutions from happening?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Let me guess. Feedback loops are keeping those things from getting developed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;A plus again!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So there's lots of feedback loops blocking progress. What's the feedback loop that blocks us from election reform?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;There are many. As you've discovered, vote splitting is just one part of a feedback loop that keeps owners of many big businesses in political power. And they oppose solutions such as fully synthetic hydrocarbon fuel.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;What's synthetic whatever?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Fully synthetic hydrocarbon fuel refers to gases and liquids that are chemically manufactured. The process would use sunlight as the energy source. It would get carbon from carbon dioxide in the atmosphere ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Which we have too much of.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;... and it would get hydrogen from water.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So doing what plants do?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes, but much more efficiently. Especially compared to using crops to generate ethanol, which involves a few wealthy people who have a monopoly on ethanol.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If synthetic hydro ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Fully synthetic hydrocarbon fuel</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;... is such a good thing, what's blocking that from happening?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;There's no economic incentive. The people who have the skills to figure it out cannot get paid to do that research.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, another feedback loop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Instead it's the lack of a feedback loop.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Is there something from history that would reveal how to make good changes happen sooner?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;When Kodak tried to develop, so to speak, color film for cameras, their research labs were only making slow progress. But two young chemistry graduates were making better progress, so Kodak hired them.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What was the secret that gave them an advantage?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;They were singers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The secret was singing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;At that time color darkrooms were completely dark, so there was no way to see a timer. Yet the chemistry was very time-critical. So they sang songs together and used the timing of songs as their timer for chemical reactions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So you're saying we need to take up singing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It illustrates that breakthroughs often require sub-breakthroughs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So this means we need to figure out some kind of innovation that will help spread the bigger innovation of fairer voting methods?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes. Look for a way to break the feedback loops that block fairer voting. Drill a hole through the dam that holds back the flood of fairness and economic prosperity that civilization is waiting for. Then voters can elect leaders who will be <i>their</i> puppets. Until then politicians are the puppets of the biggest campaign contributors. And typically they earn their money in ways that've become obsolete.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Any more tips?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;One way to fight against bad feedback loops is to create opposing good feedback loops. Especially ones that increase economic prosperity.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I need an example again.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Democracy itself is a feedback loop. It yields far better economic prosperity compared to monarchy and dictatorship. That makes oppressed people jealous. That jealousy brought down the Berlin wall, toppled the dictators in eastern Europe, and ended the Cold War against the Soviet Union.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Wow! Jealousy isn't always a bad thing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Feedback loops are not always bad?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Good and bad are just shortcut ways to say something has lots of advantages or lots of disadvantages. But it depends on who you are as to whether a change is an advantage or disadvantage. A feedback loop that helps big businesses get richer is good for the people who own that biz, but bad for their customers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, this is the cherry pie slicing concept.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;And a feedback loop can be both good and bad for the same person. Like when a shareholder increases his share value because the business avoids giving pay raises to their employees and raises prices to their customers. But then those employees and customers can't afford to boost the price of the shares that shareholder wants to sell.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, that's bad for shareholders when they want to cash in their shares. 'N yet good for shareholders 'cause those shares are worth more because worker salaries are lower and prices are higher.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Wow, so many feedback loops.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Your insights are amazing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;But my head is full!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;To help you see how it all fits together, here's a thought. Voting, and taxes, and subsidies, and legal monopolies, and even jail time, are all forms of communication.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I can see that voters try to use their ballot to say we want more of this, and less of that. Alas, it's still at the mumbling stage of communication. But taxes, how is that communication?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I see! It's a way government can use lower taxes to say let's have more farming, more stockpiled emergency supplies, and more international sales of smartphone apps that do stupidly fun activities. Higher taxes say we need fewer pirates on Wall Street, and fewer businesses that overpay executives while underpaying workers. And Wall Street executives never going to jail gives the thumbs up to financial corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, that makes sense. Now hopefully I can better figure out how to earn money as an entrepreneur.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;To do that you need to understand an important business concept. So here's a test. You'll probably fail, yet it'll exercise your brain. What do these people have in common? Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Thomas Edison, George Westinghouse, and Giovanni Marconi.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They are, or were, rich entrepreneurs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;And what else?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;They got rich through tech. Technology.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;And what else?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's all my brain can guess.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;This isn't something I ever learned.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;They profited from technology that was created by creative geniuses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah yes. Steve Jobs co-founded Apple with another guy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Steve Wozniak, who designed and built the circuit board for what could have been called the Apple One. And Apple hired Jony Ive who is a design genius.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Bill Gates co-founded Microsoft with another guy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes, Paul Allen. They bought code and renamed it Microsoft DOS, so there were creators behind that product. Later there were more creative geniuses behind Microsoft Windows.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Elon Musk has hired lots and lots of really smart engineers and software coders.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;And now the trick part of the question. Who are the creative geniuses who created amazing technology breakthroughs for Thomas Edison, and George Westinghouse, and Giovanni Marconi?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I only know one of those. Nikola Tesla. He helped Westinghouse with electrical power stuff.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Indeed, he almost single-handedly designed our power grid system. Yet Tesla also invented key parts of radio technology that Marconi commercialized. And Tesla also did some inventing for Thomas Edison.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So why doesn't history teach more about people like Tesla?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Who's got the money it takes to erect statues, pay ghost writers to write autobiographies, and put into storage for future historians the person's voice recordings, and scribbled notes on napkins.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The people who win economically.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The creative geniuses who do the work get left out. Both from profits and historical recognition.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's why I said the important part of history is understanding cause and effect. And now do you see what you should know about entrepreneurs?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Alongside, or behind, ... or underneath entrepreneurs, are the creative geniuses who create things of value that entrepreneurs sell.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes! And after creating the innovation that starts the business, those creators need to create yet more innovations. That keeps the business ahead of copycat businesses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Is this like Walt Disney? He created lots of innovations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Excellent example. In his case his brother Roy handled the money biz. So having a source of great ideas that become innovations can be a monopoly. Especially if competing businesses don't have creative geniuses working for them.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, the ethical kind of monopoly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Maybe now you can figure out how you can make money from your invention. Maybe by teaming up with an entrepreneur. You would be the creative genius.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If I could get a patent.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It takes lots of money to protect a patent.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I thought getting a patent was the hard part.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;That's just a start. If it's a valuable idea then other businesses will infringe on your patent. So you have to take them to court to protect your monopoly. And China mostly ignores patents.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That sucks. Is there a way to ..., I don't know, to win in the business world?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;The open patent I mentioned would help.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;How does that work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;If it existed you could afford to register your idea with the patent office without mortgaging your house to pay for a patent attorney. You'd get a patent number. You'd add it to your LinkedIn profile. Then corporations would compete to hire you to invent yet more.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;At a big salary!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That path doesn't yet exist. So what should I do?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Currently corporations don't know how to hire, or even recognize, creative geniuses. Not until after they've been the co-founder of a wildly successful start up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's a huge wall to climb.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes, alas. Under current conditions only hindsight reveals who's a creative genius. When that inefficiency gets solved, that will increase economic prosperity so dramatically that it will change the economy from a roller coaster ride into a rocket ship blasting into outer space.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Aren't most people creative?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;It's like with art. Thousands of painters have painted portraits in very creative styles. But the Mona Lisa stands out as a style that's not just different. It's also widely appreciated by lots of people.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, that's why you use the word genius after the word creative?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yes, and to clarify that value of a product or a person becomes clear only in hindsight.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So solutions are waiting for less stupidity in politics. That's such a tiny light at the end of a long long tunnel. Is there any hope? For a fairer economy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Look at history. Civilization has increased efficiency so much that us average folks don't waste big parts of our day hauling water, gathering firewood, tending horses, <span class="highlight">and pounding underwear against rocks.</span> Now we waste too much time sitting in cars, working in the kitchen, <span class="highlight">and watching ads for extra-special soap. [fix_humor]</span> Those time wasters and other inefficiencies in the economy will disappear after we adopt better laws. But that requires better vote-counting methods.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'm discouraged by the setbacks. The ones going on now in politics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;In the past there've been huge setbacks too. Much bigger ones. The ancient Greeks two thousand years ago made clock-like computers that predicted eclipses. One of those was found in a shipwreck off the island of Antikythera.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Who was the creative genius behind that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Probably either Posidonius or Hipparchus. Sadly, warfare killed their knowledge. Those kinds of mechanisms weren't developed again until the Islamic Golden Age. In a similar way, the footsteps on the moon might remain unmatched for decades.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's so sad.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Yet when times get rough, more people say <i>We've had enough!</i> and they work together to make things better. That's where you two are.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Is there time?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Solutions are waiting. World war three is widely known to be a very stupid idea, for self-interest reasons. So there's time to get pairwise vote counting adopted in elections. And doing that should be easier than what early North American colonists had to do to get democracy. They had to fight with physical weapons. And they got lucky 'cause France and Spain and the Dutch all fought against England at that same time. Now the fights occur in cyberspace and in the news. Those fights don't risk your life. And they're winnable.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I think I see some light ahead. You've shown us a path to better times. I guess we just need to fight against some feedback loops. The ones that say we should jump for joy when a house burns down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Now I see hope for creating ways to earn more money by making things of value. But now my head's so full it feels ready to become a fireworks display.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Professor Pengaritihas we're so grateful you've given us so much wisdom.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Ah, if only more people were anxious to learn like you two are.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What a pleasure! So how can we repay you?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Make the world a better place for my grandchildren. And get it right! Less corruption would help nearly everyone. And the few who lose will still have their huge bank accounts, so they and their families won't suffer. And then it will spread to other countries around the world where suffering is even worse. And that will help the children of my nieces and nephews. They live in India. In advance thank you for helping their offspring and mine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;We will fight to turn the world rightside up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yes, we'll do our best to turn the worlds of politics and economics and business rightside up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;This was well worth the four-hour drive to come meet with you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_econhist">P:</span>&#160;Good luck! You'll need it. And remember that you didn't learn any of this from me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;We know how this works, so we promise!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Thanks for the master class in restoring the middle class. And Desha, let's talk this stuff over on the ride back home, shall we? So we can remember it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Of course! What else would we want to talk about?</p>

</body>
</html>
