<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Behind The Political Curtain</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Scene 3, Behind The Political Curtain</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D (Damien):</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Speaks to himself.]</span> Hmm. That's an odd campaign slogan. ... <i>Let's put corruption behind us.</i> ... Ah, maybe this is him.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F (Finckster):</span>&#160;Thank you for waiting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Thank you for your time Congressman Finckster.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Come into my office ... and pardon the mess. I keep hearing promises ... that someone will clean this all up. Alas, it was hit by a fresh tomato. I mean tornado.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I knew politics was messy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;While I'm looking for bugs, would you like some cold pizza? The sausage is pork.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Not if that's where the bugs have been holdin' their rallies. 'N the cheeze looks more counterfeit than a spray-on tan.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Oh man, not those kinds of bugs. We politicians need to keep our secrets unknown ... from political spies. In fact, turn off your phone, and I'll tell you no lies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Deal! Powering down, no live feed, no recording.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Jordon told me to trust you with behind-the-curtain and under-the-trap-door kinds of magic that we use on the political stage.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What a treat! A wise sage!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Of course you already realize we have to tell lies to voters. If we told the voters what we tell our donors, we'd never win our prize, re-election.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I suppose your donors keep better track of your promises.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;They certainly make more of a fuss 'cause they hire lobbyists to keep track of us. They make sure the wording of each law complies with their bosses' desires. Yet the biggest political trick isn't deceipt. It's distraction.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;You've got my full attention.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;As you know there are names for the left and the right. Names like liberals, conservatives, capitalists, workers, and environmentalists. And there's name-calling. Names like tree huggers, socialists, racists, and dimwits. Those left-and-right names entertainingly distract from the fact that there's a bigger conflict.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's bigger than the fight between left 'n right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Allow me to introduce you to a new way to view the political terrain.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;My brain is open wide 'n ready to be stupified.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;The much bigger fight is between the political up and the political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Political up? Political down? Where did left and right go to? What's up?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;The political up, that's where most voters are.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Voters of which party?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Both parties.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;How can that be? Both Republicans and Democrats are in the political up?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Stop thinking of voters as Republicans and Democrats. It's us politicians, and the party insiders, who are Republicans and Democrats.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So is this like Star <i>Wars</i> fans also can be Star <i>Trek</i> fans? And the opposite?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Heck, if this is news to you, maybe you too have failed to recognize that both parties are controlled by people who utilize money.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That part I knew.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;The biggest campaign contributors are in the political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The biggest contributors? Should we be puttin' down fat people?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Not that kind of biggest. They give the biggest amounts of money. They provide the money source that lifts us politicians high in the polls. They've bought our souls. Without their dough we get dashed against the rocks during a primary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;You're talkin' 'bout rich folks, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Of course they're all rich. But some of the rich are in the political up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;How can that be? I'm as confused as if I just stepped out from an industrial laundry washer during the high-spin cycle.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Confused by the spin. That's the state most voters are in. That's the aim of the political down. So of course they resist adopting a name.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;But among themselves they call themselves the political down?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;No, that's just how I think of them.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;This upfront lowdown is blindingly illuminatin'.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Of course the political down prefers our party, the Republican party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That I can see.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;But also the political down has infiltrated the Democratic party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Whoa! How come the political down donates money to both parties? That's as stupid as placin' first-place bets on both horses in a two-horse race.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Ah, here's a big secret. They mostly only assist Democratic candidates during <i>primary</i> elections. Of course I'm simplifying hugely.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, I see! They use money to influence who wins each Democratic <i>primary</i> race. But in the general election they just embrace Republican candidates?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Isn't it brilliant? Yet subtle. Like a gleeming-smile model in an auto ad.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Now I'm beginnin' to see how come we, er, most voters, dislike both candidates, the Republican <i>and</i> the Democrat. I don't mean any disrespect.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;We politicians expect a lack of respect. We know we're stuck in the middle. Between voters and our biggest campaign contributors. Now do you see why voters are distracted by the entertaining conflict between left and right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Instead of words I need a picture.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;It's sort of like when ancient Roman rulers distracted plebians with bloody fighting among slaves in their immense Colosseum. Except that modern-day plebians get to vote which slave, er, puppet, wins the staged fight.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So it's like pickin' pockets while celebrities are on stage?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;That's a bit rough. But close enough.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;With their clout, what's the political down really care about?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Profits for the businesses they own. What especially delights them are biz tax breaks. And when they can get a legal monopoly they cling to it like a Titanic passenger would clutch a chunk of styrofoam.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Wow! Those business owners pay politicians for lower taxes 'n no competition. That deal's sweet! But that's cheatin'. It's corrupt. Am I wrong?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;You're right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm confused. On the political right, the Republican party seems to care about some non-business issues like abortions, and gay marriage, Christian values, immigration, 'n such, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;They do glorify those things on the flag they fly. But taxes, and ideally subsidies and monopolies, are their real priorities. That's because party insiders, in both parties, get their marching orders from the biggest campaign contributors.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Now I think I'm seein' how come neither political party really gives a damn 'bout protectin' coral reefs, fixin' climate change, givin' homeless folks an assist, or listenin' to what dolphins have to say about us dumpin' trash into their swimmin' pool. I see the down folks are usin' religious 'n racial issues to divide 'n distract.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Here's another division tactic. Money can fund extreme liberal agendas. Like when the LGB category got extended. To include queers and transgenders. That scares voters to the right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yeah, out of spite many voters blindly believe the enemy of their enemy is their friend.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;That's a powerful political tactic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;About those monopolies. 'Course I know I don't dare start a business that competes with a millionare's. What else should I get my head around?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Indeed, you can't start an insurance company, and you can't design a bridge without an engineering degree.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Those make sense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;You could brew a beer, but to sell your beer in stores you'd have to cut a deal with one of the two big beer distributors who monopolize store shelf space.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Fortunately brewin' beer's not my thing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;You also can't earn much money selling the herb stevia as a sweetener for drinks because laws block stevia from appearing on grocery shelves next to sugar or next to artificial sweeteners.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So stevia's a natural sweetener? But it can't be found where it would cut into profits for sugar companies? 'N makers of artificial sweeteners?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Yup. And speaking of sugar, long ago Congress passed a law against buying sugar that's grown outside the U.S.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That sounds like an inside scam.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Here in the states we pay way more, sometimes almost twice the price, compared to other nations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Coffee'd taste sweeter without that price hike.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;And it's easy to hide the giving of funds to both sides. In fact there are two brothers in Florida in the sugar biz. One brother is a Republican who gives buckets of money to Republican politicians. The other brother is a Democrat who gives buckets of money to Democratic politicians. Ain't that sweet?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N as hard to follow as a rat chased by a cat. So they don't give a damn 'bout left or right? They just lobby for sugar ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Subsidies. Especially the canals that sustain Florida farmers who grow sugarcane. But the biggest financial gain comes from converting sugarcane into sugar, and that's what's done by the businesses those bros own.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's a sour deal for us. How come this isn't more obvious?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;On commodity price lists, they used to list sugar and U.S. sugar by those names. But now the names are sugar number eleven and sugar number sixteen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's a slick trick. Um, there's somethin' else that's a bit fuzzy. Don't some rich folks prefer the Democratic party?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Lots of lawyers get lots of their business from Democratic voters, so they like Democratic politicians. And then there are industries that subdivide into left and right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Huh? I thought I was followin' you down main street, but you just ducked into a dark alley.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Banks prefer the Republican party. 'N credit unions prefer the Democratic party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Wow! I think now I'm seein' who's in the political down. 'N how come they oppose us, the voters, their suckers, in the political up. But how do so very few rich folks outvote us, the non-rich, who outnumber them? Like hairs outnumber whiskers on a walrus.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;There's something in politics called vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What do spittin' goats have to do with politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Not goats. Votes. As in voting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Vote spittin'?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Not spitting, although long ago there was lots of spitting in politics. It's splitting, vote splitting, and it's the election version of divide and conquer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;That's it!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N divide 'n conquer. Isn't that the battle tactic armies use when they separate enemy soldiers from one another? 'N then they can attack the smaller groups when they're aloner?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Yes, and in fact, voting is rooted in war and fighting. That's why women didn't vote. They weren't counted because they didn't fight. Of course, those counting experts never met my brother's ex-wife.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Chuckles.]</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;That counting was done to figure out how many men would be in each gang. And then the smallest gangs negotiate and join forces. Otherwise they get slaughtered.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So the winner's the side that joins the most gangs into just one very big army?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Yes, and the remaining gangs join together to form the opposition army. So it comes down to two armies. And that's where size matters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, so long ago votin' began as a way to count potential army sizes. 'N the smaller army surrenders?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Saves a lot of dying, no? And when splitting can't be done physically, then splitting psychologically works too. In politics, that's what religious differences do.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So how does this vote splitting work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Well, it involves math.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh dear, ya mean, mathematics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Certainly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;In my opinion math's the devil's favorite form of torture. If I had to choose between doin' just one page of math homework, or standin' under a tall fir tree gettin' cut down, I'd be there yellin' <i>timber!</i></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;I don't like it either. And I don't understand vote splitting well enough to clearly explain how it all works. I just know that it works. So we, the politicians, are effectively hobbled and handcuffed and gagged when we cast our votes in Congress.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ya said there's distractions. How can just distractions hide this vote splittin' so effectively?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;You've heard of the electoral college? And gerrymandering?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I admit long ago I wondered if Jerry Mander was someone important. Now I realize those're 'bout the attention-grabbin' fight between Republicans and Democrats.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;That's why news reporters are not blocked from writing and speaking about those unfairness topics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Which now I know helps distract from, 'n hide, the bigger fight between political up 'n political down.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;And you've heard of the money bonus that a third-party presidential candidate can get if they get more than a certain percent of the vote?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Aha! That's a tactic to split votes away from ... well who?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Third parties are almost always on the left. At least in the U.S. Whenever needed they're quietly seeded with funds from conservatives. That splits votes away from the Democratic nominee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I see. It just affects the distractin' balance between left 'n right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;And if a <i>conservative</i> third-party candidate begins to do well in the polls, they get a bribe to drop out. That concentrates conservative voters' ballots on the single Republican nominee.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N now I see how come news media 'n those slippery political ads don't have as much influence as many folks suppose. The splittin' of votes among candidates durin' <i>primaries</i>, that's their key to controllin' you politicians. Like puppets, er, well, like I'm not sure what.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;That's not what I like to hear. Yet between you and me, the political down is my puppet master, the puppeteer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N yet we have social media. Aren't there some bright wits callin' attention to these dirty politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;To deal with that the political down hires critics to write comments in forums, to record podcasts, and to tweet photoshopped evidence that proves whatever, like how JFK shot first. Plus they hire coders to make bots that upvote their propaganda, and downvote the honest truth. Plus they track and target gullible voters. Especially the ones who believe that eggs, colorful ones no less, come from rabbits.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;On Easter. I've never understood that either. Now I know how come some people online attack with such anger. Lots of 'em are gettin' paid to be a faker?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Yup. Mister Mischievious from Michigan is getting paid to inspire Furious Fiona from Florida to re-post the clever meme he created to trash Hillary Clinton. And you should know attack ads also work. Because lots of voters get swayed by believing that expression <i>the enemy of my enemy is my friend</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's stupid. Don't they see that just means they're shootin' at the same target?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;And getting hit by friendly fire! Yes that particular stupidity is especially easy to exploit. And it's more common than ants in line for dropped fast food.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I think I'm figurin' this out. It's not what I expected. Yet it makes too much sense to be fictional.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;There's one bit of history I should teach you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh I hate history. Crammin' more facts 'bout the Alamo 'n the Civil War into my head might crowd out what I've stuffed in here.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;This is simple. Back when primary elections were uncommon, vote splitting was obvious. There was just one election, the one we now call the general election. Sometimes a political party offered two or even three candidates. If the other big party offered just <i>one</i> candidate, that solo one won.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, 'cause voters in the losin' party would split their votes among their similar candidates. The divide and conquer tactic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;The winning strategy came to be for each party to have their own primary. The idea was to discover which politician deserves the solo spot. In what we now call the general election.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah! Now the splittin's hidden in primaries. Where the winner's never from the wrong party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Indeed! You learn fast! So here's a test.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh dear lord! I hate tests! 'N this might be 'bout history no less.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Let go of that foolish fear. This answer should be clear.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Sighs.]</span> 'Kay</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;What helped Barack Obama win the two thousand eight Democratic primary election against Hillary Clinton?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Based on what you've taught, some wealthy business owners may have thought, ... that well, ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;You're on the right track.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;... thought to give money to Obama to defeat their bigger enemy, Clinton.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Correct so far.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N they probably made the assumption that a black man couldn't win the general election. Is that right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;You did it! That's right! Although of course we cannot trace all donations. But that's a pattern that often happens.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;The Republicans ... er, fans of Republican politicians, who gave contributions to Obama must've chuckled when they donated. Then raged for days when they got an African American president.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;And that gives you an example of a blocking tactic that wouldn't work if vote splitting were not such a useful gimmick for rigging elections.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I heard what you said. But the words leaked out of my brain without leaving behind any idea 'bout what they mean.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;If unfair vote splitting were to disappear, then that blocking kind of tactic wouldn't interfere. That's because in the general election, each party would offer <i>two</i> or <i>three</i> selections, candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, it's becomin' clear. So what can make the evil split disappear?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;I really don't know, and don't care. The political stress was making a mess of my ulcers. Giving them their own ulcers. So I retired. That's why I can risk speaking candidly. But remember you didn't learn any of this from me. If you go to newspaper reporters with these insights I'll shine light on the skeletons in the closet of your friend Jordon. He asked me to help you on your mission to earn money using his tricks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I won't be a snitch or fink. 'N anyways I can't yet link the problem of vote splittin' to a solution. One that can defeat this unfairness. So I need to learn more. Do you know who would know how to fix this mess? The unfair politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Probably that would be a professor of mathematics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Aye, mental gymnastics! In math no less. That's too advanced. I'd pee in my pants, it scares me so!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;Well I've got to go. I wish you luck in understanding yet more so maybe someday you can help clean up the muck on the political stage. In the meantime, the political world is upside down. Voters mistakenly assume the rich are at the top. Yes, politicians have all been bought. But as voters you've got more power than the SpaceX rockets, a swarm of locusts, and a flu virus, all working together on the same team.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So you think maybe someday the voters will, uh, ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;... reign supreme? Eventually. Hopefully. Then us politicians will become <i>your</i> puppets. But currently we're the puppets of wealthy business owners.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I admit I'm seein' a bit of hope for a fix. To get less dysfunctional politics. Now I know the greedy rich distract us with left versus right. Yet up versus down, that's the real fight.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_politician">F:</span>&#160;You're bright. Good luck! But don't forget, it was some other schmuck who gave you the tour of the elephant and donkey muck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Thank you for tiltin' my brain to better see the political terrain. You've saved me from going insane.</p>

</body>
</html>
