<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Fighting Against Darkness</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Scene 4, Fighting Against Darkness</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;[Sitting on a stone bench in a cemetery eating a cookie.] You're way late. And don't call this a date.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'R you Desha?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Who else would be in this spot in this cemetery at this time?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Nice t' meet ya. I'm Damien.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Of course.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Thanks f'r meetin' wi' me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;For nothing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Huh?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;That's the meaning of <i>de nada</i> in Spanish.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yeah I know. M' mom's Puerto Rican.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Then why did you ask?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Is there cannibis in tha' cookie?</i> <p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;No you can't have one.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I jus' wondered what's in it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Chocolate chips, dried cherries, oatmeal, stevia, sugar, and ghee, but nothing funny.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Ya said you wanted to meet wi' me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Congressman Finckster said I should meet with you.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;T' discuss why politics is so dysfunctional, y' said.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Damn right! It's so so so dysfunctional.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;So, did he tell ya about vote splittin'?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;What do goats have to do with politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Not goats. Not spitting. Vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Splitting votes in half? That's a half-wit idea.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Not splitting ballots. Splitting voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;That's murder. Yes politicians do murder innocent people by their flawed laws.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;That's not what vote splitting is.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Then it sounds quite esoteric. What's important is that too many people are suffering under cruel corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yeah, corruption's so unfair. It's like leavin' just four squares o' toilet paper on'a toilet paper roll.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;It's millions of times worse. Corruption kills through economic suffering that leads to suicide, homicide, overdoses, homelessness, and more. Corruption kills by allowing gun makers to push assault rifles into the hands of <span class="highlight">mentally unbalanced young males.</span> And corruption kills pedestrians by giving preference to cars. And the companion of corruption is despair. Life is so unfair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;<i>Th' companion of corruption is despair</i>, if that's from th' Bible I've never heard it, bu' I agree.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Get to the point.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Vote splittin's at the root of unfair elections, so do ya wanna hear about it?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Tell me how you think it makes a difference.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Here's uh way to understand it. Suppose there's four politicians.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;What are their names?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I dunno. This is just a generic example.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Generic is dead, like the people here. Let's bring it to life. You describe them, I'll name them.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Two of 'em are puppets of wealthy business owners. Th' other two promise to reduce corruption, so they're more popular.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;The names of the first two are Pinoke and Oscar.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Huh?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Pinoke is a nickname for Pinnochio, the puppet. And Oscar's last name is the Grouch. He lives in trash just like corrupt politicians.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;OK. Whatever.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;The other two are named Barack, 'cause we can hope for change, and Hypatia 'cause women should rule.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Wi' these four live candidates, who'd win?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Either Barack or Hypatia, obviously, 'cause voters want less corruption. They don't want puppets, not Pinoke, not Oscar.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Right. 'N the voters would get what they want. Bu' then big-money donors arrive.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;So, now you'll say that their money buys advertising that hypnotizes the voters. The way headlights freeze baby rabbits?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Only th' terminally stupid'd fall for that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;So tell me why you think money changes who wins.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Wealthy business owners, who're th' biggest campaign donors, in private they choose which puppet gets their money. If they like th' look of Pinoke's nose, then Oscar's paid t' hike th' Appalachian trail.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;That would make Oscar a grouch. What if he should refuse?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;They point out he'll lose. Without their dollars. 'R they bribe 'im with favors, if that's what it takes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;A dumpster full of cookies?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Or a subscription t' Grouch Magazine if that floats his boat. That'd leave Pinoke and Hypatia and Barack. Who'd win that three-way race?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Ah, lots of voters would split their votes between Barack and Hypatia. That would make it easier for Pinoke to win.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Plus Cock Brothers 'n Forbes levels of dollars'd pay for ads that attack Hypatia and Barack. Plus news coverage that favors Pinoke. That'd be enough t' rig th' race.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;A puppet wins. That's unfair! More voters prefer either Barack or Hypatia.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;That's what I've learned. Bu' now I'm stuck. I dunno how t' change elections so they don't suck.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;We can call attention to this deception. We'll get voters to concentrate their votes on either Barack or Hypatia.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Bu' who decides which candidate to dump?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;We the voters could get one to vacate their spot, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Tha' would coax th' wealthiest campaign donors t' quietly fund yet another candidate. One who also promises t' reduce corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Let's name this one Ghandi. Yes, that tactic's difficult to beat. It splits the voters even more, making it even harder to defeat their single puppet.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;All that happens in <i>primary</i> elections. Then in th' <i>general</i> elections we have to choose between th' two puppets, one from each party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Now it makes even more sense why we have just two main political parties.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yup. 'N years ago th' puppet politicians passed a law t' give funding t' a third-party presidential candidate who gets more than five percent of th' vote.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I thought that was a good thing. Now I see it's a bribe that seduces liberals into splitting their votes. While conservatives quietly concentrate their votes on just one candidate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;You learn fast.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I have a degree in political science. But they never taught us this.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Th' unfairness is hidden. It's hidden by numbers, 'n math to me is scary.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;What scares me is that our planet is losing snow leopards and elephants, and rhinoceros ... es, and dolphins, and corral reefs, and plant species that could cure and feed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Is tha' what got you into politics?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;At the age of fourteen, ... my mother died. And that's when lots of people, especially my father, lied. They told me everything would turn out fine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I can't imagine what 't would be like to lose someone so close. At such a young age.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I can't either. It's still unreal. Especially because just six years later my brother was killed in the Middle East.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;How did'ya cope?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I almost lost hope. Then I realized my mother was killed by incompetent city officials. They failed to time pedestrian walk signals to give walkers a head start. Before the green light for cars. And I realized, that basically, my brother was defending profits for oil companies in the Middle East.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Is tha' why we're in this graveyard?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;My mother and brother are buried over there.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Ah.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Over time I traced the local corruption to the state level, then to DC, then to Congress where they write laws so corrupt.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yeah, corruption. I wouldn't know how t' define it, bu' I sure see lots of it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;It's betrayal, bribery, cheating, and coersion, cronyism, deceitfulness, deluding, and deviousness, dishonesty, duplicity, and embezzelment, entrapment, fraud, and graft, misleading, misrepresenting, and monopolizing, palm greasing, payoffs, swindling, and tax evasion, treachery, underhandedness, unethicalness, unscrupulousness, and wickedness. Not to mention lying and littering.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Littering?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;It's a gateway crime.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Huh?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Like not picking up dog poop, 'n not wearing a face mask during an epidemic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;<span class="highlight">Your brain is on another wild ride?</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;A dog owner doesn't pick up her dog's poop because <i>her</i> dog will poke it with his snout. She picks it up so other dogs don't poke it with <i>their</i> snouts. In return, those other dog owners protect her dog by picking up their dog's poop. It's a poop scooper loop. And the same kind of loop works with face masks during an epidemic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'Kay ....</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;In other words, corruption's a situation where someone can get something by not caring about the suffering of others.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Tha' makes sense.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I have a tatoo that helps remind me to keep fighting that fight.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Against people who don't, er, participate in ... super pupper ... pooper scooper loops? C'n I see it? Th' tatoo?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Fighting against corruption. It's for private tours only.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;What's it say?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;After I realized the real causes of the deaths of my mother and brother, I decided to kick some ... sense into the political world. The tatoo's a reminder to kick ass, and not stop fighting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Who're you fighting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I've hit another turning point. Originally I thought the enemy was capitalism, and that socialism was the opposite.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;An' it's not?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;It's not that simple. Then I fought against the Republican party. But recently I realized the Democratic party has been infiltrated by big-money donors.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I too jus' learned th' Republican party isn't th' real enemy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;My anger is rising. So I need to figure out, and soon, whose butt I should kick.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I think I've found th' tipping point.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;The place where a little effort can make a huge change?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yeah, bu' that path's blocked.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;By what?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Math. It's blockin' me from figuring out how t' turn th' world right side up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I got as far as algebra and trig and statistics without tearing out my hair. What d'you wanna figure out?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;How should votes be counted to get results that're fair?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I don't know. Bu' I do know someone who might know th' answer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;C'n he teach us ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Wrong gender.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Who's she?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;She's a math prof.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Uh professor of math?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Yes, at the state university. That's where I got my degree.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I couldn't cope with even commun'ty college. 'N textbooks hold weasely words that try t' drag my brain to useless destinations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;So you're a loser.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Huh?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;You're choosing to give up instead of fight. That's losing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'm not brainy. How do I fight against math?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;What took you this far?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'm short 'n not handsome. So workin' hard t' earn money is all I've got t' keep my fianc&#233; happy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;What's so special about her?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Sh' appreciates me, even though I'm notta hunk surround'd by adoring women.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;All you need is one.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;D' you have someone?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I have my Willie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Whoa! Say what?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;My partner's name is Willie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Are you two happy? You and your ... Willie?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;What's your disability? Did you never learn to read? Do the words migrate across the page like a musk ox? Do you nod off on page three and spill your hot cocoa on your ... lap? There's gotta be somethin' more.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;It hurts t' read. Th' words're a pain t' look at.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Have you tried color-tinted glasses?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Huh? I don't follow.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Of course not. Never mind. I'll send you to a website where you can find out more. In the meantime, do you want me to arrange a meeting with this math prof?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'K bu' only if she can explain things in spoken words 'n not use lots of jargon, or academic speak.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I think she can be OK with that. 'N maybe I can translate if that's what you really need.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;It's what I need. What d'you need?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;In my early youth we were so happy then, even though money we lacked. Then the world turned upside down. I saw suffering that I hadn't seen before. And I traced the cause of suffering to corruption in government. Those ... grrr ... politicians are the puppets of greedy money huggers. Now I want to send them to hell, those greedy evil buggers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Which ones? Th' politicians or th' big campaign contributors?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;Whoever is most to blame.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;From what I can tell, they're both clueless. About why money works so well as puppet strings. Can we fight against cluelessness?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;If it would help to carry a banner that says <i>End Cluelessness Now</i> I will. I'll fight against whoever's to blame.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;So what's your plan?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I call on the spirits of the dead here to inspire me to find a way to shine a light on corruption. I want a light that is so bright that even evil money huggers and egotistic puppets cannot fight back. Not with their wealth, not with lawyers, and not through hired workers. I know that light casts out darkness. In that light the path to better times will appear. Until that happens I'll keep on fighting. Fighting with words. Fighting with deeds. Doing whatever it takes to bring good times back to us, the voters, the majority.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Whatever it takes? Yeah, 't seems it'll take some looking into mathematics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainfemale">Desha:</span>&#160;I'm willing to help you fight against your fear of math. Let's do this!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'm ready to fight! I jus' hope there's no evil fractions. Otherwise I'm ready t' find out how to turn th' world right side up. <span class="highlight">[better final line?]</span></p>

</body>
</html>
