<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Math Breakthrough</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Scene 5, Math Breakthrough</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De (Desha):</span>&#160;Hi professor Mata. This is Damien.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M (Mata):</span>&#160;Welcome Desha and Damien. Let's go into the classroom to talk. By the way, Damien, do you like pi?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D (Damien):</span>&#160;In the morning pie seems so irrational.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;So you do like math?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Already I'm confused.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;He doesn't know about those special meanings in the math world. Just assume he knows as much about math as Mozart knew about ... electronics. Plus he has tons of fear around fractions. That's Damien. I don't know if Mozart had that fear.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Classrooms are scary, spooky, 'n terrifyin'. This one's bringin' back awful memories of bein' teased for gettin' Cs, 'n Ds, 'specially in math 'n history.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;I bet you're smart. You just didn't get a good start. Can you count?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;One two three four 'n of course there's more.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Can you go the other way?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Four three two one.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;What comes after one?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Nothin'.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;In a way you're right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Thanks for bein' polite in sayin' I'm wrong.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;What's nothing called in math?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh, zero.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Ah yes, wonderful magical zero!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's so special 'bout zero?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Zero as a digit was not known in ancient Egypt, Babylon, Greece, and Rome. But in ancient China they put their counting marks inside a square. So when no marks are there, it's an empty square. That changed to a circle as the idea spread to India then Arabic-speaking universities. And then a student took it to Rome and became pope. He could calculate faster than the Italians who still used counting marks, the ones we call Roman numerals. That's how the digit zero became part of the Italian Renaissance.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's when Leonardo painted the Mona Lisa, and Michelangelo carved the rock-hard anatomy of David.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Lisa and David. I think I've heard about those two.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;With that digit zero, sailors made realistic maps, and navigated far out into the Atlantic. That avoided the north-bound winds that block the path along the south coast of Africa. That path, which bumped into Brazil, took them around the southern tip of Africa. With that sea route Europeans bypassed the monopoly that Arabic-speaking Muslims had on the land-based silk road to China.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So it was the digit zero, not Columbus, that got us to North and South America?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes, in fact, the Portuguese discovered Brazil before fourteen ninety two.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, so that's why people in Brazil speak Portuguese instead of Spanish.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Interesting!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;OK, zero's a big-deal number.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;The digit zero. Not just zero. There have always been words like none, empty, nobody, ziltch, naked, hungry, and moron. But writing four zero zero instead of C C C C, that's magic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So the digit zero's a big deal.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Without it bridges would be filled with long lines of accountants waiting for their turn to jump off.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Without it, scientists and engineers couldn't have put a man on the moon, or put rovers on the planet Mars, or photographed the rings of Saturn from within those rings. And those are just a few of the things that make the digit zero so incredibly fantastic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I think my confusions 'bout zero are gone. But how's that relate to what happens in gettin' fair elections?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;There's something still very new, not yet taught in public schools, that can take civilization, humanity, us, to the next level where elections are fair. But to get there you need to appreciate the power of a name.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;OK, what's the name?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;A name without it's meaning is useless. Concepts come first.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Every test I took cared more about the names than the concepts.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I learned to spell <i>hypotenuse</i> before I learned it had nothing to do with hippos.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That's because names and dates and such are easier to test.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Isn't that upside down? Testin' what's less important?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;You seem to me to be quite intelligent. So let's eliminate your fear of fractions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Is there a rattlesnake cage or fallin' tree nearby?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Ancient Babylonians also disliked fractions. And so did the Romans. It's because they lacked the digit zero. That's no big deal for addition and subtraction and multiplication. Those are just shortcuts for counting up, counting down, and a skipping version of counting up. But division, without the big-deal zero, that's muddled and befuddled confusion. So leaving numbers as fractions, without doing the division it signifies, that's what they did until the digit zero materialized.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Now we've got zero, the digit. Yet I've gotta use fractions every day. It makes me wacko to add 'n subtract those suckers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;If fractions you loathe, then this question I pose. Why do you use them?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;It's part of my job.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Are you a musician?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;What's music got to do with fractions?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Musicians cannot avoid fractions. They count by two, or three, or four, or six, or eight. But not by five or ten. Except, I suspect, for some geeky modern jazz.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Now we know that Mozart didn't fear fractions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I build custom staircases. Tape measures are marked in halves, quarters, eighths, 'n sixteenths. Those effin' fractions. I'd murder those suckers if I knew where to aim.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Use decimal numbers. That's what the whole world uses, as part of the metric system. Except of course here in the states.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I can't use metric units. That'd get me fired. Inches and feet are required.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Decimal numbers work with inches too. Just get a tape measure with decimal markings for inches!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh, if only I could do so. That'd be great! I could avoid the fractions I hate!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Here, look at this tape measure.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, it's marked with ten units per inch! When I measure I could write the numbers as tenths or hundredths. 'N it shows eighths as well. This is, well, swell!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;And adding and subtracting them is as easy as dollars and cents.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So a fraction is a division problem unfinished. It's waiting to get diminished to a single number.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Using this tape measure would be a pleasure. How do I get one?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Use the magic math word <i>decimal</i> when you search for <i>tape measure</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, words can be powerful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;You learn fast! Now about your fear of fractions. Ancient Romans, even though they fearlessly conquered most Mediterranean waterfront property, they too had that fear. They liked the number twelve. That's why sundials have twelve marks for the day.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So that's why we have twenty four hours per day?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Indeed. The number twelve can be divided by two and three and four and six, and yield a nice result of six or four or three or two.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I wondered why time is measured in numbers that aren't in multiples of ten.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Sexagesimal.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;We're jumpin' from fractions to sex?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Using fractions as foreplay would solve the world's overpopulation problem.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Sexagesimal is the name for using sixty as a base. That's what the ancient Babylonians chose. Sixty divides without remainders by two and three and four and five and six and ten and twelve and fifteen and twenty and thirty. That's why an hour has sixty minutes. And why a minute has sixty seconds.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So we could ditch fractions? That's a world I'd like to see.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;So are fractions a bit less scary?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yes, I'm not in fear of them as much. But sometimes I get stuck not knowing when to do division, in the right sequence with addition 'n subtraction.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That's just the trick of algebra.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh dear lord please forget I said that! From what I've heard, algebra's the fifth horseman of the apocalypse.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Albert Einstein, when he was young, also had trouble with algebra.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But he was a genius. And best known for E equals M C squared, the ultimate celebrity math equation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;He struggled until his uncle told him to think of algebra as a whodunnit mystery. Where the identity of mister X is unknown, and the facts are clues, and the goal is to figure out who is mister X?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Why didn't my algebra teacher teach that trick?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Because donning a Sherlock Holmes cap in class would get you sent to the principal's office. And writing <i>whodunnit</i> on a standardized test would get you sent to the circus as a clown.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, I think I'm seein' your point. Division asks the question: <i>What number needs to be multiplied times the number on the bottom of a fraction to get the number on the top of the fraction?</i> Right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Excellent! Now you understand some key ideas of math. Not enough for me to be inclined to drive over a bridge you designed. There's lots more. And yet, so much of it would make sense if math history were taught with a focus on concepts. It even explains why we say fourteen and thirteen but not two-teen and one-teen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I suppose this explains why hotel elevators can't count to thirteen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I sure feel unlucky when I'm stuck with a measurement of thirteen instead of twelve 'n have to divide it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Here's another useful secret. Division is disguised under other names. Like ratio, rate, proportion, average, percentage, percent, and the word per. And of course fractions.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So a fraction's just a lazy way to deal with division?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;You've got it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;It sounds like we need a revolution in how math is taught.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Another revolution? How many do you want?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;As many as it takes to get things right side up.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Oh I do wish there was more time so we could talk about beautiful balanced equations, and what's behind calculus, and why quadratic equations ....</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Fortunately we don't have that much time.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Of course, of course! And anyway, computers can do math better than students.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Wait a minute! Math textbooks and math professors are teaching us thinking skills that computers can easily handle? Why is that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Ironic isn't it? Computers are better than humans at spelling, grammar, arithmetic, algebra, trigonometry, calculus, historical facts, geography, map reading, and diplomatically insulting you for missing a right turn. Yet we try to teach all that in school.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What're computers not good at doing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Inventing, creating new solutions to real-life problems, writing books worth reading, composing beautiful music, scripting videos worth watching, graphic design, software development, extracting meaning from data, creative things like that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Would that include designing custom staircases?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Definitely.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Those are the skills that employers desire. My boss says it's hard to hire workers who can do much more than loiter in the general vicinity of a staircase.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So schools teach what computers can do better? And schools fail to teach the skills that computers are not good at, but that businesses really want? Wow! The academic world is upside down!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Alas, the academic world is upside down for students and teachers and employers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;No wonder I often recall so little of what I learned in college. Computers do it better. We really ought to have a revolution in how math, and more, is taught.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Computers lack the ability to understand concepts. Yet too often that's what's academia fails to teach.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So schools deserve a failing grade! I love it!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Definitions, terminology, memorization of facts, grammar rules, math rules, etcetera are what professors teach because textbooks focus on them. And standardized tests test those things. But really it's the concepts that schools most need to teach.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Now can we switch to politics from just mathematics? I'm eager to learn the math behind voting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Now you're ready. You won't be scared when zero pops up. And only one very simple fraction is involved. The one called half.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Hurray! Even a half wit like me can handle a half.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's one divided by two. That equals zero point five.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Or fifty percent. Now you're ready! Let's explore how votes need to be counted for results to be fair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Finally!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;So how do you think voting should be done?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;As you know, I'm not a math wiz. Or even a nerd.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Damien? What do you suppose that would look like?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Uh, ... I reckon, ... maybe ... it might use ... five stars? ... Like Amazon does.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That's a good start. And why is that approach smart?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If Amazon used just one star for each product, like on an 'lection ballot, that wouldn't be enough info. So what's needed in elections is more info.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Excellent! Yes indeed! So if stars were used in elections, and the highest count of stars indicated the winner, how could you, as a voter, get some extra influence?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm feelin' like a dunce.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Let's try a different scenario. Let's suppose you're in the audience at a talent contest, and the emcee announces that the loudness of clapping will determine who wins. How can you get extra influence?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I dunno.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Nor do I.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;You could clap really loud for your favorites, and just pretend to clap for the others.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That'd be cheating.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;In a talent contest, maybe, maybe not. At theater events, that's disrespectful. But in an election, with money on the line, that's just freedom of expression. It's voting, but with an unfair kind of vote counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, it's fighting! Done on ballots.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So when I rate things on Amazon I should only use one star or five stars?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;If you do that on Amazon you're being a jerk. But if that star rating were used in elections, where so much is at stake, that tactic would make your ballot have more impact than ballots marked honestly.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm still following things to here. Too bad I can't celebrate with a beer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Bravo! You see that just collecting more information isn't enough. How the information is counted to identify a winner is so important to get right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So the five star method won't work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Ah, I should take a step back. There are two parts to any voting method. There's the ballot and there's the counting of those ballots.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What kind'a ballot do we use currently?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Almost every nation in the world uses what's now called the single-mark ballot.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;'Cause we can only mark a single choice?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Right. And there's just one way to count that kind of ballot. Which is why until recently that ballot didn't have a name. The counting method has different names. It's the enemy of fair voting so it's worth learning its names. In the academic world it's called <i>plurality voting</i>. In Canada and other British places it's called <i>first past the post</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's it called here in the states?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It's just called voting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah! With no name it becomes harder to fight against! Imagine protesting with a sign that says <i>End That Unnamed Bad Kind Of Vote Counting</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So that's the enemy, the single-mark ballot?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes. It is to democracy what a string and two old-style tin cans are to the telephone.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's so primitive.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So what's the name of a ballot where each candidate can be ranked at a different level, like on Amazon?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That's called a ranked ballot, or a score ballot, depending on how it's counted.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Brain freeze big time! Is that difference really of prime importance?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;To get the math right, yes. But both types are better than what we use now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Isn't anything better than what we use now?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Almost anything. There's one seductive exception. That's using points, where each voter is given a limited number of points to distribute among the choices.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Is that because a jerk could give all his points to a single candidate?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That's one of its flaws. If vote counting methods competed in a limbo contest, the points approach would win the limbo contest, as the lowest. Anything else is like pole vaulting over what we use now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So using ballots that are like Amazon stars .... Wait a moment. Does this mean voting has to be done electronically?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Paper ballots have to be allowed. Lots of people vote by mail. That's what my brother did when he was overseas. And voting machines can be hacked.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Paper ballots with ovals to mark work just fine. Of course columns of ovals are needed for the preference levels. Let's say there's seven columns. The columns would be labelled <i>first choice</i>, <i>second choice</i>, <i>third choice</i>, and so on up to <i>seventh choice</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;What happens if a voter marks more than one oval for the same candidate?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Just count the highest rank.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Suppose a voter doesn't mark any of a candidate's ovals.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That candidate is ranked at the bottom. In this case that's the <i>seventh choice</i>.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I think even I could mark that kind of ballot.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Anyone who can't is too stupid to be voting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;You're sayin' some ways of counting those ballots are better than others?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Exactly! If everyone is honest, then simple counting works fine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Simple counting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;If there are five columns, a marked oval in the <i>first choice</i> column would be like marking five Amazon stars, a mark in the <i>second choice</i> column would be like marking four Amazon stars, and so on down to a mark in the <i>fifth choice</i> column would be like marking one Amazon star.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's simple?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;A computer would take care of doing that counting. You would just mark the correct column for each candidate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Even hand counting the ballots that way would be easy. For simple counting the candidate with the highest such count would win. If everyone is honest, then that works fine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Fat chance of that! Honesty I mean. It seems to be getting less and less fashionable. Especially in business and politics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes when money is involved, as in politics, then that simple way of counting ratings is vulnerable to strategic voters. They can get extra influence using the clapping tactic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'm curious. What happens when Amazon customers realize they can get extra influence by skipping the middle ratings?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Then Amazon can move the goalposts. They can count differently. Actually they already do. They can get even more sophisticated if that's needed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm confused. I understand how the ballots work. But I can't imagine a way to count votes that's not like any of what we've been discussing. I thought I was following, but now I've stumbled up another dark alley.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Take a deep breath! ... Or two. And give yourself an A plus! You two are learning more and faster than anyone else I've tried to explain this to.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Really? Or are you just tryin' to, well, I dunno. This is so different from that teacher who bonked my head with a book every time I made a mistake.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Tell me who did that and I'll bonk him in the balls.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;This is different because you really care about this topic. That's really what makes the difference between good and bad grades.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;My world is upside down. 'N money's on the line.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And Congress is filled with swine.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Let's keep goin'.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You said the five star Amazon kind of ballot has two names. Which name applies to the kind of simple counting we've been talking about?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That kind of ballot is asking for a score or a rating. It's called a score ballot. It allows a voter to indicate how strongly the voter feels about who they like and dislike. Like the grades A through F.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Most politicians deserve an F, for ... fails to care about most voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;We gotta grade them on a curve.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;'N that's why marking just the highest and lowest scores, is such a big deal?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Exactly! A plus again!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So how should we be countin' ballots? For elections. Where voters will try to increase their influence.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Before we move on to what I think is the best kind of vote counting, here's an interesting simple kind of improvement.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;What's that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Consider the same kind of ballot we use now, the single-mark ballot. But change the instructions and allow the voter to mark more than just one candidate. That's called approval voting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, because you either approve each candidate or leave their name unmarked.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;This sounds like Facebook, where people can upvote anything and everything.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;You're getting this!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;On Reddit we can upvote and downvote. That's more info. Is that better?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Only if it's counted as three ranking levels.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Three?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Remember zero.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, an upvote is like plus one. And a downvote is like minus one. And neither up nor down is like zero.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;If counted right that could work. But using five levels collects more information than three. And when there are lots and lots of candidates then up to about twelve levels would work.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But not unlucky thirteen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Since you brought it up, I'm guessing, approval voting might be fair?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It would work OK in <i>primary</i> elections because the winner would always be from the correct party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But in general elections, the wrong party must not win. So there it would cause trouble, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Right. We need more than just one column of ballot ovals to avoid criticism of the results.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Wait a moment! Just changing written directions on the ballot would be an easy change to make, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;I'm not politically savvy. That's outside my expertise. I just know the math behind ballot counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;If we're gonna fight, let's get it right!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's the best way to count votes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;You're finally ready to learn about ranking. It uses ranked ballots. They look the same as score ballots with ovals, but they're counted differently. It defeats the tactic of just marking the highest levels and lowest levels.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;<span class="explain">[Speaks to himself.]</span> That's ranking.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;How can those marks be counted in a way that holds up under scrutiny, without mutiny?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's harder than any jigsaw puzzle I've ever seen.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Admittedly, if I asked this on a test I'd soon be under arrest. <span class="highlight">For cruel and gross cerebral punishment. [fix_humor]</span> But guess anyway.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;OK. Maybe ... we could start by looking at ... just the top part. The top-most candidate on each ballot. ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Side step the fear and persevere.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;And the candidate who gets the fewest top marks ... gets tossed aside?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Then the ballots are modified to hide the one dismissed. Then the process repeats. Until just one candidate remains?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That counting method has many different names. Here let's call it instant runoff voting. Among friends, or when a smartphone isn't handy, that method is dandy. It works well enough that it's been used in real elections. In fact it's used in Maine, and Australia, in San Francisco, and a few other places.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So I didn't guess right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;This is hard stuff. Not as hard as calculating the square root of your social security number on an abacus. You deserve another A plus. For the basic idea of using something besides counting marks and looking for the biggest count.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;This is such a contrast to what in the past would have been a kick in the ass.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yet this counting method is flawed. Instant runoff voting was used in the city of Burlington, in Vermont, and it failed. The candidate who won was not the one who deserved to win. We can do better. So which candidate should be the first to be eliminated?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm stumpified.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;You've heard of the electoral college?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's garbage!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Ah, but one thing it gets quite right. The winner of the electoral fight has to get more than half the votes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;More than half, that's called a majority.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;If a candidate gets a majority, then vote splitting can't happen. That's so important that Roberts Rules of Order insist on majority support to declare a winner.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;How do those rules say to count votes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Those rules don't say how to get a majority. Just that it's necessary. They do say to <i>not</i> use what here we're calling instant runoff voting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So getting more than half the votes is a must. But how can there always be a majority? Especially when there are more than two candidates?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Take a guess.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;This is hard. Is it time for recess?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Remember that money is your reward for figuring this out.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;In sports, how are teams ranked?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Aren't teams ranked based on, ... well, ... I think they get points, or maybe lose points, from each game.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;How many teams compete in each game?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Just two.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;And what's that called, two at a time?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I dunno.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Two at a time, that's a pair at a time.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Pairwise. That's the name. So how would that work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Pairwise, ... ah, counting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes, pairwise counting. It's a very important thing. How would that work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;It's counting, but it's beyond what my brain can handle <span class="highlight">without an assist from some Brainiac Elixer.</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;If it were sports teams, then, well, a team would be the worst if it lost all its pairwise matches.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Excellent! Keep going.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So the loser of all the pairwise contests would get eliminated.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N then we'd look for the next loser, from the remaining teams, er, candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And when there's just one team, or candidate, remaining, that would be the winner, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Excellent! And the shortcut approach is to look for the candidate who wins all of their pairwise contests. The academic world calls that a Condorcet <span class="explain">[pronounced cone-dor-SAY]</span> winner.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Condorcet, that sounds stuffy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It's named after a French guy whose title was the Marques de Condorcet. For a long time Europeans thought he was the first person to publish a description of that method.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I can see, as you say, the concept is the key. Yet on a test, students would be asked to recall, or recognize, his name. That's dumb.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I think I see. A Condorcet winner would get more than half the votes, a majority, without any vote splitting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;If this is such a great way to make selections, why isn't it used for elections?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Because sometimes there's no Condorcet winner. Using the elimination approach, it can reach a point where none of the candidates loses all its pairwise contests.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Partial losers. But no total losers.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Then what? Count how many loses? Or measure how big the loses are?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;A plus for thinking of those ideas! Actually there are many ways to resolve those cases. Even better, there are methods that don't first look for Condorcet winners or losers. Instead they use the pairwise counts in ways that don't need to do anything special. Yet they find the Condorcet winner when one exists.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That sounds like magic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It's beautiful advanced mathematics. After all, magic is a word for what we don't yet fully comprehend.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Like how my landlord calculates my utility bill.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Is there some method you like, that you could explain, in a way that makes that magic understandable?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes. But before that will make sense I should ask you how many pairwise counts are involved in each pairwise comparison.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'll guess two. If the two candidates are named Pinoke and Oscar, there's the count for how many voters, well, support, uh, Pinoke over Oscar. And there's the other count, of how many voters prefer Oscar over Pinoke.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;And will those two numbers always add up to the total number of voters?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I think so.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, but what if some voters rank Pinoke and Oscar as equally acceptable?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, that means there will be a third number. The number of voters who rank them as equally acceptable.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Excellent! Yes there are three numbers for each pairwise comparison. But when summarized, the third count can be omitted. This means the pairwise numbers can be put into a table, a square grid. And each row would be labelled with the name of a candidate. And the columns would be labelled with the same names in the same sequence. And each cell would contain a count.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So if the candidates are named Pinoke, Oscar, Barack, and Hypatia, it would be a four by four grid, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Indeed. Now you're ready to see the magic of the counting method I like best. It re-arranges the sequence of candidates, in the rows and columns. The goal is to re-arrange the sequence until the biggest pairwise counts move into the upper-right triangular area of the grid, and the smallest pairwise counts move into the other half, the lower-left triangular area. Then we look at that sequence. It indicates not only who is most popular, but who is second most popular, who is third most popular, and so on down to who is least popular.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;What's that method called?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;The Condorcet Kemeny method.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;'N is that the fairest method?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;More research is needed to figure out which method is best.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I thought math was supposed to be precise. How can it be indecisive too?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Maybe that's the kind of math your landlord uses.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;There's a mathematical proof that proves it's not possible for there to be a voting method that has no flaws.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So math doesn't have all the answers?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It's complicated.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Sounds like life and relationships.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;There are some fairness characteristics, criteria, that voting methods pass or fail. Math geeks know which counting methods fail which criteria. But there has been no research to measure how <i>often</i> each method passes or fails each one.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Why hasn't that research been done?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Who would pay for a search to find the best replacement?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Whoever pays for research about dinosaurs.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And research in mathematics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Most of that funding comes from the government. Of course the people who have power don't want to pay for research that reveals the unfairness that underpins their power.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;A black widow spider's web of corruption!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I think we've learned what's needed. Ranked ballots and pairwise counting. So are we done?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;There's more. So far we've been talking about how to choose a mayor, governor, or president with fairness. That's the first half. But what happens when there are lots of seats to fill, like in Congress?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Brain overload!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Oh right. Instead, try this. Imagine a group of friends choosing a second pizza topping for a pizza they will share. How would the second topping be chosen?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Couldn't the second-most popular candidate, er, topping, be elected, er, selected?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Second-most popular has more than one meaning. So let's try yet another metaphor. Imagine that five wolves and four sheep vote on what to eat for dinner.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ha! The five wolves would eat the four sheep! And claim it's fair because it's democracy!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So us minorities, like the sheep, need a way to fight against a majority.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;The Bill of Rights is nice, but that's not enough to protect us minorities from whites.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;As you see, just getting a majority is not a fully zoomed out view.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I see somethin' else too. If districts were filled with wolves 'n sheep, 'n each district had slightly more wolves than sheep, then every district would elect a wolf. Then congress would be nothin' but wolves.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's not far from what are now mostly white males.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;In Europe, instead of wolves and sheep, they have a handful of political parties.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Like wolves and sheep and goats and pigs?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Sure. On the ballot each voter marks their favorite political party. Let's say lots of voters mark their ballot for the Pirate party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'd join that one. It sounds like they're against puppets.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Do they slash puppet strings with their swords?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;They don't carry swords, or dress like pirates. But they do oppose what they think is corruption.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Go pirates!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;In some European countries, adjustments are done to ensure the Pirate party, and every other party, gets their fair share of seats in parliament.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Does that work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It hides the unfairness of still using single-mark ballots. Yet there are lots of people who like it. That's because they can point to someone in parliament and claim their vote helped elect that MP, er, member of parliament.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;From reading news about Europe those governments have as much corruption as us.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Back to voting here in the United States, suppose each district filled two seats in the house of representatives.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That means districts would be twice the size of existing districts, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Very good!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;OK, half as many districts, and two seats per district. Sounds slick.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Of course the most popular candidate wins the first seat.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So how's the second seat filled? In a way that's fair. For the sheep, and goats, and pigs? Or maybe I should say, for women to get the representation we deserve.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Using simple math, a computer can calculate which voters are well-represented by the first-seat winner.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Since that math is simple, I don't need to hear about it, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Right. The ballots of those well-represented voters would have their influence greatly reduced. Often all the way to zero. The remaining voters still have full influence for their ballots. Pairwise counting is done again, and the most popular candidate wins the second seat. In this district.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'm guessing the effect would be to elect one Republican and one Democrat.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Typically yes, assuming both parties offer good candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That means there would be more than just one Republican 'n one Democrat in the race?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes because vote splitting can't happen. So we need to allow for the possibility that one of the parties only offers disliked candidates, while the other party offers better candidates.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, if, say, the Republican party only offered puppet candidates, like Pinoke 'n Oscar, 'n the Democratic party offered anti-corruption candidates, like Barack 'n Hypatia, then both winners could be Democrats?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;This seems like a winning pole vault over our low limbo bar, where we are now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But if every district elects one Republican and one Democrat, then Congress would be tied. That's cockeyed. The population is not evenly divided between the two parties.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;To fix that unfair balance, we make the districts a little bigger. And we reserve a few extra seats. Nationwide seats. Then we can do the party-based adjustment to figure out which party deserves to win each of those nationwide seats.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;And the party leaders, like the insiders in the Pirate Party, would get to decide who should fill those seats? That seems not right. That would be unfair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Lots of European nations do it that way. Yet you're right. It's not fair.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Why are those voters so stupid?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;The people in power are the ones who have to approve any change.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I see. The members of parliament only embrace a change if it's likely to get themselves re-elected. Otherwise it would be as unlikely as turkeys voting in favor of Thanksgiving.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Another barrier!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Far fairer is to look at the ballots again to identify the most popular of the un-elected candidates. The most popular such candidate from the correct party would fill that party's extra seat. Then the process gets repeated.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That sounds like it would rip control away from party insiders. And empower the voters.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That seems much much fairer than what we've got now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;With no vote splitting, <i>general</i> elections would no longer be limited to just one candidate per party.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That means there could be lots more candidates, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That's right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Desha you're bright.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;It's just counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;And that's what the important parts of mathematics are mostly about, counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So how can the ballot handle lots of candidates?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;A separate ballot question can ask voters to rank the political parties. That gives us the info we need to calculate the popularity of the parties.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Voting for parties? Is that really a thing?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That's what lots of people in lots of nations do on their ballots. Using that info, the most popular parties can be allowed to have two or three of their candidates in each race.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;And the least popular parties get excluded?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That makes sense to me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;And the biggest third parties get one candidate each, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That gives small parties an opportunity to grow. And even to overtake big parties.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I don't like names, but this is getting complex. Is there a name for all of this mess?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It is sort of like a jigsaw puzzle with lots of pieces, and different pieces would work, and they have lots of names. But the only method that does all of what I've described under a single name is called VoteFair Ranking.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;VoteFair?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;FairVote?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;VoteFair is the ranking method I like. FairVote is an organization that promotes instant runoff voting and something called the single transferable vote. They call those methods <i>ranked choice</i> voting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;That's confusing.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes, intentionally.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;OK, you like VoteFair something. Is there a less-specific name?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Pairwise vote counting. That's the most important part. Because pairwise counts reveal not just support but opposition.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So it's ranked ballots and pairwise vote counting that you recommend?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Plus adjustments we've discussed that give fuller representation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;To the sheep and goats and pigs defending themselves against the wolves.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So how hard's it to do pairwise counting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;All the counting is done by computer, so a tap on the screen is all that's needed.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;So what's the barrier against using ranked ballots and pairwise counting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Up until a few decades ago, when computers came along, doing the math by hand was the big barrier.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;But now we have computers, so what's stopping us now?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Fear. Especially a fear of math. Officially that's called mathematical anxiety. Lots of people have it 'cause many people don't trust what they don't understand.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Math anxiety. That's what I was infected by.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And, the biggest campaign contributors don't want anyone to cut the puppet strings they use to control politicians. And their minions, the insiders within the two political parties, don't want to get fired. Or lose their perks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Why isn't the benefit of greater fairness attracting voters like a magnet?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;You are so na&#239;ve. Greedy folks don't want fairness.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Those of us who are sufferin' want our fair share of the economic pie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And rich people want to protect their too-big slice of economic pie, probably with vanilla ice cream and three cherries on top.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Speaking of that, here are colored blocks that represent nine ballots, and the colors represent ice cream flavors.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Pretty colors! Which flavors?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Dark brown is chocolate.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Yum!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Pink is for strawberry.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I'm not a fan of pink.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;This color represents mint chocolate chip.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And I presume the last color is vanilla.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But you haven't explained why you're pointing out these colored blocks.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;With these ballot preferences the winning flavor can be mint chocolate chip, or strawberry, or vanilla, depending on which counting method is used.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, so the counting method does matter!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Definitely. And yet, almost any method is better than what we've got now.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;If elections were fair, what would change, politically?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Yeah, especially for the unfortunate poor. And us college grads who failed to get to the middle class.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;The answer to that I don't know. For that you need to ask someone who understands both economics and game theory.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Game theory?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It's an academic field that studies, well, it's difficult to describe. But it includes vote counting. I do know someone with those credentials. But he's at a university that's a four-hour drive away.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Do you think he'd give us a peek into that future?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;I can ask him by email.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That'd be super!</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;He studies, and teaches about, economic history.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Oh I do hate history. As much as I did mathematics. 'N economics, that's more math.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;This professor can make history fun.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Can that be done?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;You did great with mathematics. As for math in economics, it's just different names for money. Like tax, debt, interest, tariffs, and bribes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm a dummy but I'll try.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;One more tip. There's something called <i>mathiness</i>. It's a misuse of mathematics. Math doesn't lie, but some liars use numbers when they lie.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Mathiness must be what my landlord's usin' on me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I admit I tend to distrust math until I do the counting or calculations myself.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So, we've learned that ranked ballots and pairwise vote counting is the key to less corruption in Washington DC. But do we need to remember that guy's name? Condolences, or something?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Pairwise vote counting includes Condorcet methods, and some non-Condorcet methods. So just remember the concept of pairwise vote counting. And needing more than half those votes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Half's a fraction I can recall. But I don't understand why you made a big deal out of the digit zero.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;It took our ancestors hundreds of years to make the leap from the number zero to the digit zero. To us, in hindsight, that's slow. In a similar way folks in the distant future will marvel that it took so long for us to use pairwise counting for counting votes. Zero as a digit changed the world in marvellous ways. Similarly pairwise vote counting will change the world in marvellous ways.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;So just like we don't know what we've got til it's gone, we don't really know what's missing until it can be seen in hindsight?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;I was right. You <i>are</i> very bright.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That's a wise insight.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;That's just common sense. But what you've taught us are hidden secrets. The ones those greedy ... business owners ... don't want us to find out. We're grateful for your valuable insights. We'll share them.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Remember your promise, ... that you won't reveal where they came from.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;OK, but why?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;I've got tenure, so I'm not likely to lose my job. But I can lose grants for my research projects.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Ah, 'n some of your funds come from the government, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Yes. Lots.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;When we bite the hand that feeds you we won't reveal who took us off our leashes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;We can say we learned it from Wikipedia.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Only bits of it are in Wikipedia. That's because they require academic references, especially for mathematical topics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And I suppose those references don't exist because governments don't fund such research.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;This is all seeming like a giant conspiracy, except that it's in plain view.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;It's hidden behind the curtain of mathematics, under the unmarked trap door of pairwise vote counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Fear of math keeps it well hidden.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;This makes it all the more special that you've taken the time to explain this to us.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I'm extremely grateful. You've given me, us, more than I could ever have hoped for.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;I love these kinds of conversations. I wish textbooks and those dang standardized tests would allow me to teach more like this, without as much notation and terminology. The joy of math is in the concepts. That's what counts.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;I think I'm beginning to see a <i>fraction</i> of that joy in mathematics.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Ah, one more thing. Since pairwise counting is a few years off, what can we do in this election to fight against vote splitting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;Tell your friends, including the ones online, that current ballots are not asking <i>who is your favorite?</i> And if they want to say <i>none of the above</i>, then marking a can't-win name is not the way to say that. And not voting does not express <i>none of the above</i>. The way to defeat vote splitting is to vote in <i>both</i> primary and general elections. And especially voters need to hold their nose and mark a candidate who has a chance of winning. Otherwise they weaken the candidate they prefer.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;But that means never voting for a third-party candidate, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;No. You can vote for a third-party candidate if the candidate you most despise will easily win. Except in the case of presidential elections. For those the popular vote still matters. That's because the gap between winner 'n loser is put under a microscope.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;What's the best way to express <i>none of the above</i>?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_mathprof">M:</span>&#160;That choice doesn't fit on a ballot. That's why the first amendment exists. That means you get to express your opinions by promoting podcasts and Facebook posts you like.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;And protest signs! Plus, I suppose when there's enough support, Jon Oliver will tells us why we're stupid not to have been using pairwise vote counting.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;You're a true guru.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;Thank you! All of this has been so helpful.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_damien">D:</span>&#160;Yes, thank you! Especially, thanks for teaching me I'm not a third-wit loser.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singer_desha">De:</span>&#160;With what we've learned, we're ready to attack and burn up our enemy, the people who are corrupt.</p>

</body>
</html>
