<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Money Madness</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Scene 2, Money Madness</h1>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;[Enters room while Jordon remains seated.] 'ello mister Morton. Grafton, m' fiance's father, said you make money dance. 'N I'd like to advance m' state of finance. Could ya teach me some tricks?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Shall we start with some licks? In the fridge is some mint chocolate chip ice cream. Want some?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Tha's too rich a taste for me. Risin' out of serfdom. That's my dream. I wanna pass to th' middle class. I long t' be financially secure as an entrepreneur.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;I applaud your taste for money. Lots of folks are fond of stuffed bears, warm and fuzzy. But a wallet that's fat, just like me, what's better than that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Withou' money my world feels upside down, like a turtle on it's back.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;With money, my world feels right side up. I've got a knack for earning lots of wealth. It's like getting payouts spilling onto the floor from a slot machine. Yet I want more. I can't afford my own jet, or a yacht. Not there yet. Don't yet got all I want.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;S' what's th' trick? Of gettin' money to fund a life not wrecked.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;You've got to treat other people with respect, before you step on their toes. Then anything goes. That's the <i>trick</i>. That's how I behave like a ... an entrepreneur.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;S' you put Benjamins before humans?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Think about this. The love of money is built into our language. We have zillions of words for money. There's alimony, annuities, assets, bonds, and bonus, bounty, bribe, and capital, cash, and commodities, credit, currency, debit, discount, expense, and funds, income, interest, investment, options, pension, ransom, rebate, and remittance, rent, revenue, securities, shares, subsidy, and wage, and even those awful words like charity and donation.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'N besides words for mula and dough, there're words like banker, accountant, miser, 'n vulture capitalist.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;And investor, and venture capitalist, which are what I am.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yeah, money's damn importan'.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Did you know that long ago, when writing was new, writing was used for banking 'n accounting?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Huh?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;That way money was stored in banks, not in pockets nor in bags anymore. That protected traders from pirates, thieves, and marauding desperados.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Ah, pirates. Tha' was a profession back when swashbuckling exams were open to th' poor.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Pickpockets, pirates, and highway robbers are becoming as uncommon as blue-footed boobies. Now that money travels out of sight at the speed of light.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'N th' modern version of pirates is lawyers?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Oh no, today's lawyers are like ancient scribes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;S' how do you choose where to put th' money you've got, to get more?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Besides side-stepping traps set by gold diggers, I only invest in high-profit deals.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Why not invest in businesses tha' offer value?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;The high-profit one has to compensate for the other eight, the deals that flop. Like Enron, America Online, and the early pets dot com.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;S' you're seekin' th' one big standout you can brag about?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Ah, yes, the unicorn. The one that swells my pockets til they burst. Missing out on one of those would be the worst. Yes, one unicorn in the forest is worth more than five zebras in the brush.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Zebras?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Those are the small businesses that grow slow, by making and selling something of quality that consumers readily want. They don't need our venture capital for big marketing blitzes.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Isn't th' whole business scene about selling what customers want? 'R crave, like caffeine, nicotine, 'n <span class="highlight">Beanie Babies [chocolate covered almonds?]?</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Sure money can be used to undercut obstinate customer dissatisfaction.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;What I mean is ideally I'd like to find fundin' for a business idea. I've invented a tool for cleanin' leaf gutters, withou' gettin' on a ladder. Would ya invest in a business that sells th' best kind of tool for that task?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Nah, that's not much better than a cordless bungee-jumping franchise.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Lots o' people get injured, fallin' off a ladder while cleanin' gutters. Some land on their head, and end up dead.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;That's a great spin! Fear of falling. That's a fear that would sell lots of product. Do you have a patent?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I can't afford that cost. Tha's like thousands of dollars.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Many tens of thousands of clams.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I couldn't afford even a few hundred dollars to ...</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Why would I invest unless there's a barrier against competition? There's gotta be a monopoly. Or some kind of virtual monopoly. That way my investment doesn't evaporate <span class="highlight">like a raindrop on a Detroit skyscraper's corner office window on a dry summer day.</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;So a workin' prototype's not enough?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Nope. That's as useless as a machine-gun mount on the back of a golf cart. What the biz needs is a big amount of income, plus customers and testimonials. Then we'd invest.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;If income I already had, I could self-fund it. 'N with that I could go to a bank 'n ask for a loan.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Ha, the bank officials might nod ernestly. They might even encourage you to fill out forms. But when you've stepped out the door, they'll wet themselves with laughter.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;If I were t' buy a house they'd loan for that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;A mortgage, hah. It doesn't work like that. Instead the bank buys the house. Your down payment's big enough <span class="highlight">to cover a university education.</span> So if you default after a few months, they sell the house, <span class="highlight">and you've bought a cap and gown and diploma for a banker's kid.</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;So banks don't loan money?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;They still do a bit, sometimes. Mostly now they're high-rolling gamblers that make casinos look like kids playing a game of Monopoly. They make big money by buying and selling, ah, another word for money, derivatives. Big things, not small things.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Wha' are derivatives?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Those are contracts on paper, or the cyberspace equivalent, written by lawyers. Lots of times they're promises to pay money if something happens, like if interest rates rise or fall.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;That sounds a lot like gamblin'.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;It is. And gambling, that's what we venture capitalists do too. We loan money. It's like those ancient sea voyages. Someone had to buy the ship and pay sailors before they could even set sail. Then, on return, if they returned, the cargo was sold, and the backer got his share of the profits.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'N th' captain 'n crew got what?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;What they got was a temporary pass to the middle class. Until they got <span class="highlight">swindled, or beat at roulette, or divorced.</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Bu' th' backer got more?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Of course, 'cause he took the biggest risk.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Those times sound barbaric.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;They were. In those ancient times fighting was done by soldiers, and hard labor was done by workers. Now fighting is so much safer. It's done by lawyers fighting with legal documents instead of swords, and wearing <span class="highlight">colorful neckties</span> instead of armour or bullet-proof vests. Whoever pays the most wins in court 'n gets the most. Quite civilized nowadays.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I think I see how money works. So how can I switch from bein' 'n employee to become an employer? Ownin' a small business, that's my dream. Some success, financially, so I c'n buy a fixer-upper house, pay for ultra-fast access to, er, ..., kitten videos, 'n drive a car that didn't come off Henry Ford's production line. Not a <span class="highlight">yacht,</span> a <span class="highlight">cabin</span> no, I jus' want fair rewards for my hard work. How do I take that leap?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Leverage is the key. You need a vision. And you must find workers who follow you like ducklings follow their mom. You work them hard. You hire lawyers to sue any competitors. And of course you hire marketing folks who super-size your PR blitzes that get consumers to trust your brand.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;S' I should start a cult? 'N of course there'd be 'n app with that.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;That might put you on the wealthy map. If you shift the idolotry to money.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'T sounds like makin' money is about lyin' and cheatin'.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;It's not lying. That's not cheating. It's marketing and stepping on toes. In fact anything goes. But not lying and cheating. 'Cause that lands you in the slammer. That'd be a bummer 'cause your bank accounts can't protect you when you drop the bar of soap in the prison shower.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;T' get ahead financially I have to step on people's toes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Or a gentle push to the nose. Business is all about competition. It's the very foundation of a free market.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Stomping on toes. Anything goes. That's th' trick of corporations. Why are they th' winners in th' business world?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Ah the key is politics. We shareholders and investors give money to politicians. Then to us they listen. That's not cheating. It's not against any law. I share mula with any politician who passes laws that dump big amounts of golden coins into my bank accounts.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;After your money buys you a louder voice, in politics, wha'dya get from th' politicians you buy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Tax breaks and subsidies. And sometimes legal monopolies. Oh I do love these. With these breaks, my business thrives.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;But not so for others' lives. Th' customers. Th' employees.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;If someone else gets beaten, that's their choice. They need to speak up with a louder voice.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Don't you fear th' folks who want to tax th' wealthy?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;The business that I closely own, with more profit it could buy a Tesla SUV, or a ski lodge, or a yacht. Something I don't yet got. My biz buddies and I would share it. That tactic evades hefty income tax rates. So an extra tax on the rich, it misses me.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;So th' key is ownin' a biz?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Or getting on the board of directors. Three businesses pay me to travel to their board meetings. There we vote to reduce labor costs. Using bigger profits from the previous year's decisions, we vote for huge bonuses for ourselves. That's sandwiched within a resort vacation. At a fancy spot where I lounge for days with a date who's hot. Or at least I indulge in rich meals with a Flirty Felicity from Philly. Plus I do some side deals. And most of it's deductible, a money word that brings me joy.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;So th' tax breaks and subsidies are for companies. Th' ones you own, or own shares of?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Yup. The paperwork's a hassle, but those sly tricks are legal. All because we pay off politicians.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Don't lawyers also assist?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Yes our lawyers fight battles in court. They exterminate our enemies. But nowadays no blood is shed. The loser only suffers financially.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;It seems th' lawyers at th' top of th' legal food chain always win. Why's that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;They write the bills that get passed into law. So of course they know where the loopholes are. It's all a big family. I do love it.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Is that all that money's needed for, to get those competitive edges?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;A way to cling to our riches is to own newspapers and TV stations.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Why that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;So when there's dirty linen in a biz we own it doesn't become known.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;How 'bout news sources you don't own?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;The business buys advertising spaces from those places. Have you noticed that scandalous stories about grocery stores never appear in newspapers? That's because grocery stores pay for lots of newspaper ads.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;That protection racket's not what a small store can afford to play.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;My dear boy, there's no money to be made by aiming low. It's big businesses that earn the dough. The really big ones are chains that use mass media to broadcast their ads across a big city, or even a state.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I know someone who wants to start a restaurant. Can't he buy ads for just a neighborhood?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Only costly printed ads cover small neighborhoods. Well, 'til recently, when NextDoor and News Here Now came along.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Are there other tricks?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Doing tricks keeps a corporation as busy as an escort in Las Vegas during convention season. Another trick is big corporations hire the big four accounting firms to get around laws that were co-written by those big four accounting firms.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Tha's, er, a sweet deal for corporations. Are there yet other tricks?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;As many as an eagle has feathers. The most important trick is to give political campaign contributions to political candidates who, after the election, pass laws that give our businesses tax break after tax break. That's why big businesses pay six-figure salaries so freely.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Ah yes, money in politics. I know 'bout that. Bu' I don't yet understand how it works. Non-rich voters greatly outnumber th' wealthy, so how can dinero outweigh those votes?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;We've infiltrated both parties. This is how we control who wins the primary elections of both parties. So general elections are between a puppet Republican and a puppet Democrat.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Yeah, puppets win. I knew tha' part. But I hadn't noticed th' infiltration tactic.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Republican voters assume Democrats are dimwits, and Democratic voters assume Republicans are dimwits. In the primary, the winner's always from the correct party, so the money bias goes unchallenged. In the general election it's too late. For added insurance in a tight race we might give a bit of money to the one we hate. But we give far more to the one we favor. That way we can't lose.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Why don't news reporters expose how 't works?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;That flow of money is harder to follow than a mouse running through a cornfield. Such as when rich wives register as Democrats and give family money to conservative Democratic politicians during primary elections.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;There's somethin' else going on isn't there?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;You are bright! Yes, we pay news sources to entertain and distract. The biggest of distractions are those endless debates about issues of religion.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Religion?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Abortion is the really useful one. The Republican party squeezes that for all it's worth.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;So th' Republican party doesn't really care 'bout abortion?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;We sorta care, but not as much as tax breaks and subsidies and our legal monopolies.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I 'ave to admit voters don't see through that. They're so distracted by th' fight between left 'n right.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;They are suckers. They believe the enemy of their enemy is their friend.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Even I know that's stupid. So, how do ya know which candidates to fund, 'n by how much?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;The consultants we hire tell us where the money should go.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;'N how do those consultants know which puppets, er, politicians to bribe, er, fund?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;They monopolize their secrets, their strategies. They're like astrologers and alchemists from long ago. Back before science tanked the profits from selling horoscopes, farmer's almanacs, and <span class="highlight">Doctor Dan's mighty healing elixer.</span></p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Politicians know, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;I've never asked. It just works. If it aint broke, there's no need to fix its quirks, right?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'm not dubious, but I'm curious. How's it work?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Curiosity killed the cat.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Satisfaction brought him back. So perhaps is there a politician ya know who might be willin' to explain how it works &#8212; so I can earn more money your way? For my fianc&#233;.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;I do know the recipient of lots of my dough. He recently retired from Congress. Maybe he knows how it works.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Is there somethin' I can do for you, if you can maybe arrange that?</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;Indeed, you can. Come up with a better business plan. A unicorn I can brag about.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'll try. 'N now I know what barriers t' jump over to get to my big dreams of financial success. You've taught me much. I confess I'm grateful t' learn your process.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;I'm happy to give advice to young hard-working men who adore dinero. Especially if you can help me earn more.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;I'll do my best t' rise to th' very top. [Whispers.] 'N get to th' bottom of th' corruption. [Normal voice.] Thank you so much for taking time t' share your wisdom.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singername">Jordon:</span>&#160;You're welcome! And remember the trick.</p>
<p class="lyric"><span class="singermainmale">Damien:</span>&#160;Startin' with respect, then steppin' on toes, anything goes.</p>

</body>
</html>
